thankfully i still have most of these picks. i'm always losing them, but they work super well and i will always buy this brand from now on. 5hey jerks, do you play guitar?  well, if you do, you need strings.  well, you could be an experimental guitarist playing a stringless guitar.  if so, you can stop reading.  if you use strings, you should buy them your damn self.  while you're at it, buy ten sets.  seriously, are you a child?  always have extra strings.  d'addarios last a long time for me, and they sound good.  also, they're on the bottom end of the price range.  buy some strings, douchnozzle. 5great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this. 5this pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. i would personally recommend the electro-harmonix metal muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price. 2wow, i'm really impressed with this tuner.  strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  it's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......well!!! 5the only negative to this well made capo is i wish the tension was slightly less.  i find that once placed, notes played closer to it are slightly sharp even using light pressure.  it will work out just fine though and i will just have to make a few adjustments in tuning to correct for this. 4arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  it was easy to adjust my eq on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  i wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  the classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  stunning, really.  they are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  i readjusted my eq for the needed flat response for sound engineering and i was extremely pleased with the results.  the sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing eq sounded horrible at first, as it should!  i have been in and out of studios for 30 years and i can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  take time to review the set up data from m-audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  we ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%. 5i don't use these alot, but when i play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's. 5ever since i saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. i decided to try them out.. and i fell instantly in love with the regular jazz iii picks!i always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz iii was no exception so it didn't bother me..meaning i didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... then i read about this new ultex thingyit looked like a jazz iii and every one seemed to like it..sooo i figured why not have a go at it... i was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which i read..so i was dieing to feel them... well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while i didn't even notice that i hadn't once readjusted my pick..... not once ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! i love this thing love it love it! 5i really dig these.  i have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when i drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  the one i'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.the size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  i tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as i dipped it too far into the strings, so i reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. i am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. this works until then 5i'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! i am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are. 5i've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. i've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. i had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. but recently my life changed a little bit. i have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and i now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.i picked up this micro crush because i was originally looking for a micro marshall and i saw this pop up. i knew i already liked the sound of orange amps (better than marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. my son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; yes you might think so until you plug it in. the idea here is to sound loud without being loud. this amp is perfect for that.most of the time i have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. i've got a simple effect chain going in: eh soul preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; mx analog delay -&#62; cheap (but pleasant) chinese phaser -&#62; eh holy grail -&#62; amp. i use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. it is beautiful. a little dick dale-ish. then when i want a little edge i turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. maybe nudge down the volume a little more and i can rock ac/dc licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. and it sounds ... big!no this is not the same as actually being loud. for one thing your ears won't ring. the cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  the dogs won't howl.but should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.so much so that i, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that i never had before in my life. this all because i can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. always ready to go. so i play while i'm watching football or baseball. i play while i'm watching the news. i play while i'm playing crazy 8's with my son. i play morning, noon and night. not only that but i'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).so i am not exaggerating when i reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).best buy for under $100 i've made since i bought my son his strider balance bike. which is orange too! 5i use clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. my picks don't fit!!! if i shove them in, i can't get them out. also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck. 1i prefer woven cables for looks. they have a nice stage presence. hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. i don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. this cable is just a little stiffer than some i have but that's ok for me and i'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage. 5i have a lot of pedals.... including many delays and echos...the mxr is just little more organic and warm in tone and response then my aqua puss, eh delux memory boy, ibanez, boss, and lets not even get into the behringer stuff...  :)i like the chorus-like mod button.  very lush and sweet to listen too.  not as feature rich as some of my other delays, but a tad more appealing to the ear then the others to me.  simple to use, compact and well built.  i like using this clean... but even it's ability to take some distortion is pretty good.this is simliar to my favorite echo (the morely ecv from the 70's) in that is has that real warm surrounding sound to it.  lush is the right word.hope this helps. 5mine came flattened in a little box.  i wasn't happy that its form was deformed.  well in a few days it popped back into shape so i didn't have to ship it back.  a good sign!i am using it for both some music and computer stuff.  the bag is well made considering its price.  you cannot even get a backpack for this price.  i love its depth.  a number of these types of bags are too shallow so the zipper is about to burst once loaded.  this is a solid 4"+ depth and cozy padding around it for protection.  be sure to check out all the dimensions though.  its very long - i was a bit surprised but that was me misreading it.  i think i saw "micro" and thought shorter.not only is this a great music tote but also a decent computer / electronic or other tool tote for equipment that is wider than a brief bag or backpack.  i'm thinking of getting another because of this.the only minus is that i wish the outside pocket was a little larger and maybe had an inside pocket or folder / paper slot.  but these are just wish list items.  finding padded bags this size is a pain so if you need this your options are limited.  lucky this is a good option. 5works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  quality is good and holds a microphone with confidence.  great price too. 5this is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by taylor guitars. 5i am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  as you can imagine, i need to practice a lot!  my wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when i practice monotonous scales.i saw the glaesel violin ultra practice mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  i love it!  easy to put on and take off. the rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. you can barely hear it in the next room.  you can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  my violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.now i can practice all i want without fear of my wife divorcing me! 5this music stand is og great quality and of a great price.i have been very pleased with it. i have bought on-stage stands in the past before, so i was sure that i wouldn't be disaapointed and i was right.very sturdy-well built-good price. 5this has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off. 5this stand is designed to work on electric guitars, not acoustic or acoustic/electric guitars.  the arms that support the guitar are short and not adequate for acoustic guitars.  this is however perfect for my lp and sg guitars.  i love its size and portability. 5being very disappointing by the sensitivity of the snark sn 1, i purchased this bargain priced tuner, i could not be more pleased. it has settings for chromatic, bass, guitar, and ukulele. not only does it have tone dial indicator, but the screen changes color, red for flat, green for just right, yellow for sharp. the screen is also very bright and easy to read. it is very sensitive, no need to constantly move it around like with the snark sn 1. it is tiny, perfect for carrying in your pocket or purse. i use mine for when i go to the music store and test out ukuleles. this makes a perfect main tuner, or a nice inexpensive backup to more expensive tuners. my main tuner is a snark sn 8, but this one is just as accurate. the only negatives i can find is that the hinge seems kinda delicate, so you don't want to force it, and the power button is very tiny, but for the size and performance of the unit, those low points are almost irrelevant. buy a couple, you can get two or three of these for the price of a single snark or korg. 5i wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. it sounds pretty good for the price i paid for it. i was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. i purchased it at the same time i bought the electric violin. naturally when the electric arrived, i laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. a few days later i thought i would give the pickup a try. it slides right in and out of an f hole with no problem. i plugged it into my fender amp with a little reverb and wow is how i can describe what came out. it sounded like i was in a great concert hall. of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. now i haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. cant say enough except the price was so low i couldn't have gone wrong too bad. 5you can compare this to a pearl or any other popular stand ,your just not going to have the pay that hi price try it you'll like it ! 5this thing is amazing. like many i cannot afford a tube amp. this transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps i played years ago. sustain and harmonics are insane. preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.the unit is very heavy and rugged. the only component i would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost. 5i use these in my home studio as inserts and they work great. no complaints.on a side note, i always clean all my cables with caig deoxit gold g5 spray contact conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. i also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments. 5the best look and performance on a fender guitar.  i've used the schaller & fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  it does have a larger profile, but i find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  easy to install and have never failed me.  i like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the schaller & its clones. outside of security (which i find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks. 5this small device has amazing quality. the built-in mic records very well compared to those tiny hand-held mono-recorders. mic gain controls boost volume but add some noise (like reviews state) but when used on low-gain, record quite well. audio-in records even better when used with good microphones and a mixer (i used a behringer u-802) for amazingly clear recordings. several types of sdhc cards work well and have not found a card that did not work with this device. even nimh (1.2v) batteries can power this, although alkaline (1.5v) last longer.con: the plastic case is vulnerable to scratches and breakages so treat carefully. 5these are solid cables -- tight fit in receptacles, no introduction of noise, and no discernible loss of signal. especially considering the price, these are brilliant. i was like some of the reviewers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but i trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge monster prices. 5i picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and i was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of panasonic over-the-ears.  i'm glad i did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  the sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  they feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  as a video editor, i often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  the cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  they grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.i've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  i haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but i will say that i highly recommend them.  it's one of the best purchases i've made in a long time. 5the taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. you will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do. 5behringer is a problematic company for me. some of their stuff has been useful far beyond its modest, entry-level pricing (e.g. a-500 studio amplifier, uca-202 dac, eurorack ub-502 mini-mixer)...and some of their stuff hasn't served me well at all (e.g. gm-108 amplifier, btr-2000 rack tuner).across the web, reviews for the to-800 are uniformly favorable. based on this, i purchased one instead of paying many times more for an ibanez ts-808. this proved to be a good decision. the to-800 produces exactly the sort of sound enhancement that made "seasick green" justly famous: creamy smooth to raunchy depending on my whim.the same sound for a lot less money? what's the catch? i'm a musical hobbyist. the to-800 will sit safely on my office floor and, most likely, never be actuated by my foot. the behringer's shoddy plastic case and flimsy little control knobs, for me, are not liabilities. if i was a gigging musician on the other hand, i'd want the tank-solid construction of "the real thing" and its additional cost would be well justified. 5these are good heads. i have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. this is a super solid price too. 4i like the capo, only it seems a little stiff when opening it up to put it on or take it off.  it was actually a bronze color instead of gold, but that's not a big deal to me.  i'm interested on the durability of this, but for the price, how can you go wrong? 4my newest amp (the marshall jvm410 joe satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function i absolutely love. but then i needed a reverb pedal. honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. give it a try. i've been using it for a few weeks and i'm extremely happy with it. 4perfect retrofit for my 1989 american strat. the locking mechanism is strong. no problems at all. i like to stay brand loyal, so i honestly think these tuners will go on the rest of my fender collection. tuning is a breeze and is very stable. 5i was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  it just doesn't have the quality sound that i expected from the material written about it.  i've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iphone or ipad.  that arrangement isn't as compact as this vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing. 3the larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so i thought this might be the answer.  the answer is to treat your larger snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  i have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  i'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  it is cheap though.  still to me it was money out the window. 2a strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? it was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. it's comfortable and fits my bass well. i'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if i needed it. nice value. 5i bought the wall mounts for a more permanent solution, but this lightweight little stand is sturdy and adjustable. i just move it around the house wherever i feel like playing. fold it up to take with me when i go out of town. everyone who sees it loves it. 5i love this amp. here are the reasons: solidly made, everything is high quality.  best of all it comes with fender fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your pc using the usb cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) including special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the pc screen visually. you can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. if you want to play a pink floyd song you can download a david gilmour preset and there you go. you got your dark side of the moon and the wall preset ready to go.  this is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  i can record directly from the amp into my pc mixpad software program. 5i have k&k pickups in other guitars.  this is the first one i've bought that had the smaller transducers.  it needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued pure western with the larger transducers.  like other k&k pickups it sounds darned good.  with a decent pa head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  the pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  this one comes with an ingenious diy installation jig made from, i'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  it makes placement a snap.  the best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  you can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  they sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup. 5this stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music i can tell. awesome stand and i would recommend to anyone! 5fit my mim strat perfectly, not much else to say.  always buy fender parts for fender guitars, dont be cheap and order china copies on ebay, they wont fit. 5i've had several pods and have never really been impressed with their tone. right out of the box, the hd 500 totally blew me away. i know their marketing calls it "hd" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the hd series and the older pods. i can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older pods without much tweaking and no eqing (although one can tweak the tone with several eqs).one complaint with the older pods (that i agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. this is not the case with the hd 500. i've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.at first, i purchased theline 6 pod hd 300because i didn't see the value of the hd 500. after thinking about it, i decided to pick up the hd 500 and compare the two pedals. i definitely think the hd 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. there are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. the wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (i could be wrong, but i do remember them being different). the dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the hd 500 are amazing. i'm sure i'm forgetting some differences, but i know i'm happy that i went with the hd 500 over the hd 300.the drivers seem to work great on both windows 7 pro 64-bit and mac os 10.6 (they have 64-bit mac drivers now). the included software is ok - i get the feeling they are still building it out. it's a bit glitchy but seems to work ok for the most part. the software updater works great and i've already had a couple of firmware updates since i purchased the hd 500 (bug fixes). there is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct "tube amp feel and behavior".i nearly purchased the m13 to plug into myfender super champ xd electric guitar amplifier, but i noticed the hd 500 had the same number of effects plus amp modelling for the same price! i know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the hd 500 made much more sense. i can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. to use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. i also decided to test playing the hd 500 directly into abehringer eurolive b215d active 550-watt 2-way pa speaker system with 15-inch woofer and 1.35-inch compression driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (i get the behringer today, so we'll see).the build quality over the pod x3 live has improved. the case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. i can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. i also purchased agator gk2110 compact keyboard gig bag, which fits the hd 500 (albeit very snugly).overall i'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles. 5great stand, holds my mid sized keyboard up very well.  not sure how it works for some behemoths but for the basic setup its fine. 5i am just learning the mandolin and bought this as a afterthought and i am glad i did, i am a longtime guitar player and the way you hold a pick for a guitar and for a mandolin are totally different combine this with the twin string setup on the mandolin and how close the twin strings are to each other and i have suddenly developed a case of the clumsys as far as keeping hold of my pick, its bad enough dropping my pick in the middle of a jam session but it would be worse having to go fishing around for it or a replacement, i stuck this on the back of my mandolins head between the strap and the tuners so when i drop my pick i just flick a new one out and continue on. 5(star rating based on price) great for home use, but dragging it on the road i dont know how long it would last. 4this tuner is tiny and works as advertised to tune my guitar, bass and banjo.  i have tested it against other, older and larger tuners and all tune to the same accuracy, which is very good.i docked it one star because the screen doesn't stay on (in my opinion) long enough when i am trying to tune a string.  when i pick a string, the screen flashed for a brief second with the tuning information and then goes blank.  it works, but i find other tuners easier to use that have screens that stay on longer with each pick.perhaps a more experienced guitar play may only need that brief flash of tuning information to tune a screen, but for me i find it easier to have the tuning information displayed longer.also this tuner is tiny.  i can leave it on my instrument when i put the instrument in a case, no problem at all.  the flip side of this is that the screen is tiny too.  really tiny...almost hard to read tiny.  you need to decide if this tiny size is an advantage or disadvantage for you. 4i ordered these because i wanted to deck the tremolo on my strats because i don't really use the trem. i have a modern american standard and an american vintage reissue hot rod 62 strat. there are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as i can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. my standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 hot rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. easy to install and works like a charm. 5this is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. the controls are volume/ off, tone, and overdrive. it also has a headphone jack. in my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. the speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). if your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. defintely get the danelectro da-1 ac power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. overall it's pretty good. 4i have many expensive cases for my guitars and recently started playing bass,  but not too serious just wanted a nice little case for it. boy was i surprised, this case is awesome, great quality, fits bass without any problems and the storage inside is great. definetly reccomend this case 5everything you need to make replacing strings nice and easy, add a headstand to hold the headstock up and you are set 5i like the product a lot. for me, the only problem is the time of the "sustainer effect".it is not so long as i thought. i though it would be like the piano's sustainer. but it's a good pedal effect. my guitar get a good sound with the "attack effect". thank you. 4not much to say about a guitar strap... except i had planned to use it on a simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. i ended up using the strap on my strat for the acoustic and this one is on the strat. this one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. if you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. it is comfortable though. 3i don't know if 39" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {i know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...however for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not i can still learn to play since thats why i bought it is to learn...the pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.all togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.i am happy with it.good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp i have).comes with whammy bar(thats what i know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.**edit**so now that amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that i have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, i have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning. 5a classic mic clip -- simple, inexpensive and durable enough. keep several spares in your kit; even the expensive ones break. 5i love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. it helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. it's built to last and solid as a rock. i love the different dirt it gets combined with my mxr carbon copy nooned across the board. insanity! i love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. last distortion pedal you'll ever need. 5am totally pleased that i did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! works great,get one!!! 5only used it a couple times so far but i like it. i like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. as someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. but otherwise i think it's great. i like how it smells (does that make me strange?). 5good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back. 5these are great strings for such a "rare" instrument. not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. these strings sound full and warm on the instrument. 5not that many good products/accessories for ukuleles.  this one is perfect in size and price.  however, you must be creative when attaching it to the headstock.  just give it a little thought.  overall it's fine. 5after receiving thedunlop dual design straplok systemalready installed on my gibson standard electric(7.36 lbs.), and liking them, i decided to try installing them on my gibson studio electric (7.23 lbs.). noproblem. just follow the instructions exactly and they will work perfectly.i had no problem either installing them nor using them since the installation. money well spent makingsure my stringed instrument does not accidentally fall to the ground. besides safety i also like being ableto swap out my straps on my guitars. it's a nice convenience. if you are so inclined you can use the samestrap for all your guitars.if you are not sure if they will work on your brand guitar seek out an online forum and either search thatforum for the answer or join and ask your questions. you've got a pricy piece of wood there and will wantto take care of it properly.what i don't care for, but feel okay with because they work so well, is how big they seem to be. theydon't get in the way when being used but look almost out of place. that is why i chose black for mysecond set. helps keep the product's profile down a bit. other than that, the product works asadvertised....note: as of june 2014 i have installed two other sets and all are still working as expected. do rememberto check and make sure your hardware is secure. after repeated use the screws can come loose and therewill be trouble if this happens. do not use any glue in case you need to swap out the straploks in thefuture. 4not two weeks after i put these on the a string broke close to the ball on the string.  i break high e strings on occasion.  but something as thick as an a string?? maybe it was a defective string as i thankfully bought two sets and i was able to pull the a out of the other set and it has been fine since.  now however i have the dilemma of should i just buy more strings and just use the second set as i need them.  further more do i stick with the same brand.  that is supposed to last longer than average strings.  at this point i am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there.  i will update once i decide if i should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the d string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe i either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star.  if it happens with a different set of strings i will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly 2i picked up an old boss me-6b that required the boss bra-120 power supply. that thing outputs 12vac. it also has a different size connector. being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, i wasn't interested. so instead i spent ninety more dollars on this fuel tank and got a dc power plug 5.5x2.1mm to 6.3x3.0mm female adapter. using  the 12vac output on my fuel tank chameleon works great. awesome overkill solution. it also powers everything else and looks fine doing it. 5i have a hard time paying for a patch cable that costs almost as much as a 20' cable. these are not cheap but they are priced much better than others. and they work great! no loss of tone through these cables. if anything i had to do some eq adjusting because after using these i had a far greater signal (volume and frequency response) when i replaced my other patch cables with these!i love them!!! 5i've just received my mustang i and have spent an hour playing with it and the fuse software.  this thing is outrageous for a practice amp and i've never heard anything like it in its price class and size!  with a good instrument mic and a decent monitoring system, i think you could probably gig with this thing.  one feature in the fuse software that no one seems to mention is the ability to add an overdrive or compressor module "post gain" (after the preamp). this is an incredibly useful tool for controlling the overdrive characteristics of the amp models.  in effect, fender has given this amp the ability to emulate power section saturation as the overdrive module sounds very different and much mellower post gain than pre gain (before the preamp like a normal stomp box).i don't know of any other dedicated modelers that do this except maybe the axe-fx - and that costs about 20 times more.  power section saturation is highly desirable and is the reason why we're seeing a lot of very low power tube amps like the fender champion 600 and bugera v5 these days. their problem is that they're pretty much useless for clean sounds at louder volumes - they don't have enough power for that so they're really only good for overdriven sounds.  not so the mustang i.  i think fender has hit the perfect combination of flexibility and and simplicity in one package.  this thing sounds way bigger than it looks and way better than its price would suggest. it has the classic fender sound and feel of many different fender amps without the weight, cost and tube replacement needs.  what's not to like? 5these cables work well for my guitar, keyboard and drums.  they appear to hold up well under constant moving.  i will be getting more. 4no problems at all with this product.  works well with the five string bass and amp purchased from amazon.  i would recommend this product. 5i tried the dean markley blue steel light accoustic strings on my takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  on quality control, the high e steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  string did not break as i rather expected, but it looks bad.  on sound, these seemed okay at first, but i still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high b and e steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  and i find the low e wound string notes tend to be too high as i move up the neck, more so than other sets i have used.guess i'll go back to d'addario and ernie ball. 2they do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. the switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey. 3these cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price i am very happy; i'd buy more for sure. i would probalby uses these for gigging as well if i didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.as the title says, these are a great value and work well. 5my classical guitar stand was metal and short, like this, but did not have the front brace or download slant. if i had this then my beloved flamenco guitar might not have tipped over and broken it's headstock on the hard flood. so sad. i mourn it still. 5great deal for the price and very sturdily made. easy to assemble and feels very solid. way cheaper than i saw in guitar center. im very pleased with this stand. i bought two. 5just use a smartphone to record stuff. this is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. not really worth the $75 - i returned mine. 1very very useful.  like seriously, unless you are very very good, you can quickly get a sharper tuning with a snark than you can by ear. 5i don't use it for any heavy use.  i use it for podcasting purposes.  haven't had any problems.  so i can't speak to really heavy use of the product. 5i'm not a performing musician, so i actually use this on my guitar stand to keep a variety of picks close at hand.  holds everything from a .5mm nylon pick to a 3.1mm rubber pick, and i have yet to see one fall out.  simple solution to a simple problem. 5this looper is serious worth every cent i spent on it. very simple, easy to use, and takes up less space on my pedal board than my altoids tin. the sound quality is perfect, i can record a loop and play it back through this thing and it still sounds like i am playing instead of a recorded loop (assuming i end the loop correctly). i run this in my effects loop of my ac-30's after the preamp and all the distortion i run beforehand (big muff, od, boost) all get captured clearly coming out of this pedal. the range of the loop level is perfect, just over noon and you match the input signal and over that allows you to boost your loop for a little more dynamics.i chose those over the digitech jamman express xt and i have to say it was worth the extra money, even though the sales person was a little disappointed.if you want a simple loop this is the one, it takes a little learning but once you figure it out you will love it. 5as expected from hosa another great product.  solid construction and great sound reproduced.  i would recomed this product to everyone. 5this is my second case from them. build good for carry and balance. brass color lock that comes with it. 5i don't play with a guitar below my waist. i am six feet tall. while very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned. 3it is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..i used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. i would not recommend it. 2this is a great stand.  in the past i have been plagued with light flimsy stands so decided to go for something that appeared solid and well made.  this one serves the bill.  i am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable.  it is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use.  i use it regularly for events and so far am very pleased. 5as i mentioned in the title, this simply snaps to the stand and holds picks. enough said. it does its job and does it ok for my taste. 5this hanger is very well padded and the padding can be adjusted to custom fit your guitar.  it holds the guitar perfectly spaced from the wall. 5i like these strings. i have had nothing but problems with ernie ball strings, especially the higher ones unravelling at the ball ends and breaking as you are tuning up for the first time after a change. i have also found that the ernie balls break easily as well. i have had no problems with these, they sound good, feel good, and they are priced right. 5this system works just okay.  try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.my microphone stopped working shortly after i purchased this item.  i contacted pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.they couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where i could even buy a replacement.very frustrating! 2i bought this not knowing what to expect. it sounds just like i hear on tv and it sounds great. 5this might be a really, really nice stand, but the one i received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so i have to return it for a refund.  i'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time. 3this is a great music stand.  very solid  feel.  no need to over tighten the adjusters.  it holds my heaviest books without tipping over. 5use it with an sm58 shure mic in a studio type application. holds up great, mic does not slip. upside down, sideways. 5i have had these on a les paul for years and just purchased some more for the rest of my guitars.  does what it says it will do - keeps your strap locked on.  i have had zero issues with these.  the installation takes 2 minutes, and has stood up to countless hours of play.  highly recommended! 5i cannot shower enough praise on the lpb-1. it currently sells for about $40 and improves your sound when combined with any other pedal (especially overdrive/distortion pedals) or on its own. i keep it on all the time, since it always improves sound-quality. 5sounds disgusting. very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. don't hope to take chords on it. only on first 4 strings may be...try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one. 2the name says it all. fast fret = fast fingers!  i played over 40 live shows from 45 min sets to 2.5 hr sets just this year on national stages.  my strings take a lot of abuse and slow down with all the sweat, grime, and dirt flying through the air. this stuff honestly works very well.  it is part of my regular arsenal. 5my first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;gee, it's a lot smaller than i expected.&#34; it looks like a cad equitek e100s but it's a fraction of the size. i'd even say it was cute. but how does it perform?i have two microphones i use for recording at my computer: a blue yeti usb electret mic, and a sampson samtr101a. of the two, the yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in usb interface, like the go mic, so that's what i compared it to. i fired up garage band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old imac) so i could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.right off the bat i was impressed with the go mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the yeti- maybe better. there was no perceptible delay.  no need to find a special driver, either. plug it in and it's ready to go. there's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the yeti. i tried all three modes: carodid, carodid + -10bd pad, and omni. omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. no matter how i backed down the volume in garage band i got clipping. using the -10db pad i was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the omni mode.it has one advantage over the yeti: it's very modest in current requirements, so i can run it directly off my ipad. the two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. packaging is well thought out, too. the mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. and if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.while the go mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or skyping. 4this works great for mic'ing guitar amps. the stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp. 5love the very fast tracking,  so convienient to have a cheap but amazing tuner on each of my guitars!  for $10 bux each,  why not???  the screen articulates so there is always a perfect view,  i am finding myself making much more minor adjustments to my tuning than i used to just because its right there and so convienient,  so my playing sounds better than ever before simply because i am always in perfect tune now!  way better than digging out the tuner from the case in the closet, finding a expensive 9 volt battery, selecting a note you want to tune and  waiting for a needle to stop moving on  my crappy old tuner.  just an amazing product,  i even clipped it onto my piano and bought a $30 set of tools online and saved $100 tuning my piano myself!!! 5this isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. the pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however i don't find myself using it often. the guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it. 3i bought this to use on an older acoustic guitar neck which was a bit faded and after 2 uses, the wood looks great again. i used the honey twice in 2 days and brought back the maple wood to like new condition.this honey works fast and well and will make playing the fingerboard alot easier. i saw this in my local shop for the same price minus shipping after i bought this, but i do not use it much so it should last a long time. 5i love this thing.  it quickly and accurately allows for tuning on any instrument i own (electric & acoustic guitars, electric & acoustic bass guitars).  it clips on securely, is easy to see, stays out of the way from my playing hands and is a breeze to turn on & off.  from the front, you can barely notice it at all.  i just leave it on my instrument all the time and use it as needed.  when i switch to another instrument i un-clip it and take it with me to what ever i want to play next.i love this thing.  love it, love it love it! 5elixir is my favorite brand of strings. i bought these seeking strings with longer life (after a bad experience w/  d'addario strings only lasted a week or 2) and boy i'll tell you these babies last! i only change these strings twice a year & the coating makes it more comfortable & easier to slide on the strings. i love the bright sound you get and they are easy to tune & they also keep in tune good & overall these string are a must try for every guitarist 5works smoothly, built like a tank and looks good as well. i've tried other passive volume pedals that didn't work...this one works. worth every penny. 5but is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  use a plugin instead.  i like some of behringer products even though they are snobbed.  this particular unit is not one of their finest products but i give them credit for the price point and effort.  someone will appreciate it but not me.  it sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what i want.  cheap, so no big loss. 3if you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one.was a gift from my girlfriend and i love this.the sound is incredible.buy it, seriously. 5i've been using d' addario strings for 20+ years to great satisfaction.  these flex steels are excellent.  bass tones, response and resonance are superior to my ear.  you can't go wrong with these guys. 5i always love to d'addario strings on my 6 string guitars so i decided to order these for my new 12 string ovation 245.  they sound great.  of course guitar strings can be a personal preference.  over the years i have been experimenting with various makes and  i always seem to return to these.  this does not mean i will not try others.  i surely will continue to experiment.  i am one to change the strings on my guitars on a very regular basis.  i spend my summer in canada and winters in florida and i can assure you that the climate is much drier in canada than florida.  strings on my guitars left behind in florida for the summer will deteriorate quickly even if they are in a humidity controlled environment.  i  find the d'addario strings will stay in better condition than others. 5got this to put into my pseudo-caster project guitar. love it! be warned, it does not come with springs, claw or trem bar. if you order this, get the tremolo bar for the mexican model. the threads are smaller on these.if you like to do &#34;dive bombs&#34;, you will need to grind a bevel on a small portion this massive sustain block. it will hit the back of the cavity before getting anywhere near absolute floppiness.last important note... make sure you measure your outer pivot screw distance. if it matches spec on this trem, all the screw holes will match up. 5this jumper cable is a decent cable used for jumping from one unit to another when longer connections are required & a 10 ft. cable is too long. i would not depend on it for night after night abuse but, it just may last longer than i think. planet waves does make good products. 4this is the best usb condenser mic i've ever used.  i needed to buy a condenser mic recently that had to be xlr.  i bought the at2020 xlr version, simply due to the fantastic results i've achieved with this one.i only use this microphone for podcasting.  i do not record music with it, but i haven't tried yet.  if you're curious as to the sound quality, listen to my podcast "rock crushes paper" on itunes and zune marketplace.just to give you an idea of what i'm using:windows 74 gb rampentium 4 dual core 2.2 ghzadobe auditon 3the build quality is fantastic, built like a tank really.  the only knock i have on this is the little tripod stand.  yes, it's a tripod stand, but i can't imagine actually being in a spot where i'd rather use that then the on-stage desktop mic stand.anyways, great mic.  can't recommend it enough.  it's made me check out other audio-technica products. 5this pedal is awesome. not only does the dd-7 offer standard dealy and echo it also has reverse delay, modulation, and loop functions. it's capable of looping up to 40 seconds of play which is a wonderful tool for writing two and three part harmonies or working out timing. this pedal is amazing and i highly recomend it for any guitar player. most of my pedals are boss because they only build their equipment to industrial strength and standards. this means their stuff is made to last. no flimsy plastics, cheap rubber, or faulty components or parts will cut it in boss's supieror product line. 5leeeeeeeeeet meeeeee saaaaaaay thiiiis iiiis nooooot liiiiiiiiike whaaaaaat iiiii thooooought.  wow almost like the opposite it is like a violin sound or mock reverse single delay sound.  gotta love the slow moe 5i recently picked up asquier fretlessbass.  as with any guitar, the factory strings left much to be desired.  with fretted basses, i'd always liked strings with a little brassiness.  but round-wounds just didn't feel (or sound) right on a fretless.  small vibrato was hard to achieve with the string friction.  and round-wounds just didn't have that acoustic sound.  there were quite a few choices for fretless strings, but i've always liked d'addarios on my 6-string guitars.  these flat-wounds were a perfect choice.  they've got plenty of bottom, but the midrange is more pronounced than other strings.  the bass sounds more like a 'real' bass.  and the action is now so smooth. i can use a small vibrato when i like--no longer restricted to the wide jaco-style.there are all sorts of bassists who look for all different sorts of sounds.  but there's something about a fretless that attracts a particular sort of player--the player who wants a bit of that upright bass sound.  as soon as i put these on, i felt like i was home. 5i was using slinkys for several years but decided to give these a shot because the slinkys kept corroding so quickly. anyway, these seem to hold up a little better. both sound good, but these last a couple weeks longer. so stock up! 5i like the size of the stand and the flexibility.  easy to put together and holds my guitar very well. 4the mooer pitch box in the harmonist mode blends the dry signal with the altered pitch, and in the pitch shift mode if filters out the dry signal.the pitch knob allows you to raise the note 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones, or lower the note by 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones.i found that putting a distortion pedal in front of the pitch box made the harmonies more pronounced. making how well it tracks and handles bends and vibrato more noticeable. and in general it helps it sounds more like a guitar and less like an organ.when i had the pitch box in front of the distortion pedal, it had this constant warble that sounded like an out of tune guitar. the detune mode sounds like a chorus but i almost never use it. 4i ordered these picks in bulk to use while i was recording/producing. i absolutely love these picks and swear by them. i've been a guitarist for almost 7 years and these were the picks that i landed on years ago and stuck to. i've had years of lessons, licks and picks and these are the absolute endgame for me! perfect grip for leads and perfect thickness for rhythms. i'd order again if i had to. 5i was given free picks when i bought my guitar from a local guitar shop in town. the retailer gave me some mediums. i find i do better with heavy thickness. i have a heavy touch when i play the guitar. with the different thicknesses i can choose which works best for me. from experience it never hurts to have extra picks around. since i bought these i have been using the heavy thickness ones. they really bring out the extra sound in the strings on the guitar. 5this product is exactly what they say it is.good material,decent padding,nice front pocket,zippers function without issue.my acoustic cutaway fits nice and snug.i wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great.definately worth $25. 5the danelectro fab  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  the d-4 slap echo effects pedal works great and gives me that old tube amp reverb sound that you would only expect from a more expensive unit.  there's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the sound you want with no effort at all..  this series of pedals ( fab ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  danelectro offers more expensive units but i don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  you can't go wrong with this product, danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...i have six danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... 5take some time but it was well worth it.  i've always cleaned the finger boards with rubbing alcohol then used linseed oil afterwards.  this worked great and the guitars buffed up like never before! 5this strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  i didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because i was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  if you have a heavy electric guitar, i recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  it would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad. 4i needed a small capo for my mandolin and so i purchased this little guy. works great, though i have to put it on at that 1st fret and then move it up to where i need it. 4being a musician i wanted something easy to bring with me to catch the jams.  with the support of this little recorder i have about 95% of what i have played over the last year available to me.sound quality - there are many options to select from, sample rate, type (mp3, wav) and a number of other options.  i have mainly recorded wav at 192, when i am done recording i normally will edit it in a daw and then convert to mp3 for storage.  i would say the audio is good, not great, but certainly right on for what i am doing considering the price.  power is about 4-6 hours of continuous recording.  i can fit about 3 hours on high quality on the gb card.  this is usually a little more than i require when jamming.  i have used the usb power when available and that has performed well.i have been pleasantly surprised with the audio levels.  many times at a jam  you don't necessarily get to pick an appropriate vantage point to record everyone equally.  several times it had to sit next to the drummer, or on the stairs or on the window sill in one case, and i was worried about being able to pick up all the instruments, but on the default settings it seems to pick everyone up and not get saturated.  one instrument may be louder than another but then i tweak it adding compression and eq as necessary to further enhance.the only times it has failed has been i didn't have enough battery, i didn't format the card and it ran out of room or i forgot to press the record button twice before recording.  the first arms the track, the second begins the recording.  for the price i bought two and just keep one in my guitar case...  i have not had reason to use the line in for the recorder, just the external mics. 5i've written here before that it would be nice to find a multi-pedal arrangement for space saving...but i still end up looking at individual pedals for their individual sounds. 5works well, has many options of reverb and tweaks on all the options.  i would recommend this pedal for an inexpensive reverb. 5after registering the amp online (or by mail) you have access to 500+ backing tunes,with either drums or drums and bassline. you are able to select from different genres such as rock, blues, country, alternative and more. along with this great feature, you can also take free lessons, from beginner to advanced. you can even get custom settings, giving you the sound of such great bands as green day, the beatles, led zeppelin and many more. along with lessons, tabs, and the ability to loop any jam track, spider online adds more than even i immagined to this awesome amp!! if you're still hesitant about buying this or any other spider amp, just buy it. i personally guarantee your satisfaction...buy it!! (no seriously, are you buying it??) 5the d'addario sets are good stuff. i got turned onto them about a decade ago by a coworker. the color coded ends are great whether you are new at changing strings or just want it more automated if you are an old veteran. with stretching, they stay in tune fine. the unknown truth about non-nylon strings (and maybe even them, too) is that there are only a handful of string makers, and d'addario actually makes them for other companies (gore uses them for their elixir series, and just adds the polyweb coating). i also use the ghs standard .010 sets, and they are good too. my faves are the ernie ball sets, but they rarely go on sale. i don't remember who makes what strings for what companies, though. with offshore production a standard thing now, it's no telling where they actually come from anyways. i doubt that gfs strings are domestic production, for instance. 4bought these as the studio i was using had a very rough, taped together set of headphones and they told me most people bring there own.  did a quick search for good quality studio quality headphones and settled on these for my choice.  i am not disappointed.  excellent sound quality and i would pin them against bose any day. 5when i bought this pedal i was thinking a heavy distortion. but when i got it and played with it i figured out it was alot different that advertised. it is a acdc, steve vaughn kind of pedal. it's got an attitude but it soft at the same time. it's truly a one of a kind product. i would recommend this if you are looking for just a basic distortion pedal. make a note it is not a metal pedal. not by any means actually. but for what it is it is fantastic. 5duriong my lessons, my instructor talked about several models of tuners that a guitarist can get. some are old time one still with a kick, and the one he recommended was the snark. nor the shark, and that is what i thought he said when i first heard it. there were several kinds of tuners and i was looking for a good quality, made of sturdy materials, and was in a good price range. the snark i chose has been working just great for me. 5allotoday went to the stores to test out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for your  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...no line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.not really that good for  music...can be done, but not as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...high background hiss noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was much quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or line inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingline in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound quality  of bit more seriouslive recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  output to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  cds...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 printed to cd...the sound was obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  not wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 might do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k 3i have had and tried about every compressor out there.  lastly the old standard dyna comp. only because its cheap but like the rest it sounds like a compressor and clips your tone.  blah.  this is a very transparent compressor.  i use it on acoustic guitar solo gigs and electric.  low setting on the switch and compressor set at about 11:00.  it gives wonderful string balance and sustain. at this setting you do not get any of the squashy clipping compression sounds. and it does not wack the bottom out of your tone.  none of the typical compressor hesitation when you pluck a string.  just balance and sustain.  as close to a rack mount as it gets. the blend knob solves all of the typical compressor issues.  from here you can get any type of compression you want or need.  mine has a white case. 5if you need a well made cable in a short length, i wouldn't hesitate to recommend these.  buy one now. 5i always buy the gross pick package and this is a damn good deal.  never had such colorful ones though :)  if you need picks do the math.  it pays. ships fast as always. 5kripes man..the one time i go and actually buy a "honer" and its a "bummer" this thing has 3 keys off tune!! i can buy stuff 10 times better quality from chinaand never have this kinda junk. maybe it's a fluke because everyone else gave it a thumbs up and i 'm really not the type a guy to go running stuff down butmaaan ive never got a harp this trashy b4!...... all i can say is buy merana's for tryin out buy "suzuki" or swan" from ebay/overseas if yer a poor guy like meand you'll be better off. oh btw hot-tip for poor guys again--- you can get a "mississipi river harp" for only  $5.oo if you have a "burke's" outlet near you!they're up by the counter and as good as the high dollar one made by unowho---- the doctah has spoken! :) 1i'm working on new strumming patterns and these were exactly what i needed to 'soften' things up just a bit. 5first time for a  soft wedgie......pick that is (i did have an older brother : ) ). i used it on my new ukulele and sounds and feels great. very good price and looks like they will last awhile.i highly recommend they for you to try, if you don't like they you can give a fellow musian a &#34;soft wedgie&#34; which they just may like. 5let me start of by saying this tuner is great.my previous tuner was a korg ca-40 and frankly, that tuner is terrible.the main differences between sat800 and the ca-40:sat800 has a build-in light, ca-40 does not.ca-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, sat800 does not.sat800 has a auto and manual mode, ca-40 has auto.sat800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1e, 2e, etc, ca-40 displays only displays the alphabet, e for all oactaves.sat800 has a numerical display for the cents off, ca-40 does not.what made me get a new tuner is how finicky the ca-40 when using the build-in mic. the needle on the graph just jumps all over the place from the harmonics of the guitar and that has nothing to do the sensitivity or accuracy of the tuner. yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. another issue with the ca-40 is the poor screen. the screen is so dark and only viewable head on.the ca-40 does not have any of the flaws of the ca-40 and is even more accurate.what this tuner has: accuracy, usability, durability, versatility. what more can you ask from a tuner of this price? 5i have to confess to a particular image that comes to mind when i think of capos.  it's the image of an earnest folkie, with mastery of c, g and d, but still struggling with the a. a good player should be comfortable in any key.  but there's still an occasional place for a capo, and that's when you need open strings in a chord.i tested this capo on several guitars, and with one exception it worked well.  steel-string dreadnought, archtop jazz box, and les paul worked nicely.  not so much on a flat fretboard classical.  the capo has a slight curve that works well on any curved neck.  but on a flat neck there's a little string buzz on the d and g strings.  while the capo's grip is good, it still needs to be fitted right behind the fret.  this means that it can get a little bit in the way for passage work. that's probably a rare problem for the intended user.all in all it's a nice little capo.  goes on and off with no fuss and fits the majority of necks. 4the mixer arrived early, which was a life-saver.  i immediately put it to use at a musical venue in which all four microphone pre-amps were used for three vocalists and one flute, and the cd input was connected to a computer that was playing a minus track for the vocalists.  everything functioned well and the medium reverb effect performed well on all inputs.  i am looking forward to using more of the effects. 5its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. warning for beginners don't get this!!!! 3this capo looks great and does the job. it does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions. 5this guitar sounds awesome and stays in tune very well. i am now a fan of takamine. their is nothing bad i can say about this guitar and i would take this guitar anywhere. this is my 4th guitar i have bought and is by far my favorite guitar. i have 2 electric guitars and now 2 acoustic, this being the second acoustic. i wanted a cheap guitar i could take anywhere and not have to worry about it being scratched up, except i got the guitar and looks too nice to let get beat up. people are complaining about the guitar not having a glossy finish. it wasn't supposed to be glossy to give it a richer look. if this guitar was glossy it wouldn't be as nice sounds stupid but it is true. you have to see the guitar face to face to understand what i mean. this guitar i would recommend to anyone. i am trying to get my friends to buy one so can all have a acoustic guitar, lol. thank you!!!!!! 5for the price, i'm really happy. it's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think. 4i am self taught guitar for about 15 months.  without this i would be lost.  i work with a guy who has played guitar for 30 years.  he tunes it to itself .  when i had him try my tuner he found that his guitar was tuned to itself yet so far  off.  for $15 you cant beat this.  don't be so cheap. buy this and enjoy it! 5it's nice for my son to be able to stand his five string bass up in his room on display, while still having it be kept safe.  it helps him remember to practice when he sees it. 5the bag is simple canvas.  it probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack.  however, the stands are sturdy, fully adjustable, and look professional. 5straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. no directions inside or on the box. i messed with it for about 5 minutes. i would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. i read the description but it did not say cheap. live and learn. 1it's smaller than i thought, it works fine and it picks the string really fast. it does only tune in the regular a tune (so e, a, d, g, b, e). so since it's a gift for my father in law it works just fine, but since i use a a flat tuning for my gibson, and even lower (g) for my jackson it doesn't work for me. 3when i originally went out to place this order, i was planning to order the  tc electronics singles voicetone c1 vocal effects processor for its pitch correction function. as i looked over that device and some alternatives, i finally ordered the tc-helicon mic mechanic because it had pitch correction and some other very nice effects. i ignored the reviewers who said the pitch correction function had no effect - how could tc electronics put out the &#34;mic mechanic&#34; with a pitch correction function that didn't do anything? well, those reviewers were right - the pitch correction function has no effect! also, i couldn't see any effect between engaging/disengaging the tone button. i kept the mic mechanic because i like the other effects, but i'm very disappointed in the primary reason i bought it! 2this polish works well for what i need it for. i am not a clean freak but i take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there. 4good cords with a decent length.  i like the right angle as sometimes it gets tight in a pedal box.  i order the longer cord to go to my wah pedal which i always set outside of my pedal board.  works quite well. 5this microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the xlr connector mates firmly with most cables. the included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect.the mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the frequency range with resonant lows, smooth midrange and crisp highs. for almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. the cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production. the sound is unbelievable, especially at this price. for under twenty dollars, this pyle-pro mike can't be beat.one issue i have with this mike is when using it on a tascam dr40 portable recorder with an xlr to xlr cable, the tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. both of my pyle pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. the tascam d40 is known for this noise issue, but usually not when using the xlr input. 5i think this patch looks cool on the bass . i don't really hear any difference in sound ,but does give your drum head a better life span 4planet waves ns artist capo is as near perfect a capo that i've ever come across. i've been a kyser capo gal for many, many years but, this capo has that one beat by a mile. there was absolutely new fret buzz no matter which of my guitars i tried it on or which fret i placed it on. as i strummed each string to sound was so clear. it's also very easy to open with one hand and keep it open, without any stress to your hand, until you release your grip to clamp it into place.i do believe the folks at planet waves have developed the best capo ever! and the price ain't so bad either. 5i usually use gibson vintage nickle strings on my electric guitars but when i had an opportunity to try theses strings out i jumped at the chance. i put them on a gibson les paul goldtop guitar with p-90 pickups. i had no trouble installing them and they tuned up pretty quickly without a lot of stretching needed. they had some great &#34;spank&#34; and sounded great. easy to play (they almost seemed thinner than advertised - they play like 9's but sounded like tens). i am really happy with these and will probably buy them on occasion instead of the gibson strings. next i want to try a set on a strat and see how they sound - i suspect they will sound and play great! 5i wouldn't consider this a $30 backup mic, i would consider this a professional vocal mic.  period.  this is a great mic!  out of the box, it has a nice weight to it.  it sounds slightly hotter than say, a shure sm58; which is why i like it so much.  i typically like to stand back from a mic when i sing live and this seems to work very well for my vocals with that technique.  i have also tested this mic with harmonica as well.  seriously... i don't work for the company or have any ties whatsoever.  i'm just a dude in a band.  trust me on this one. 5installed this on an old aria dreadnough i found in a dumpster.cleaned it up,buffed the finish out,tweaked the truss rod a bit and installed this saddle with new dunlop .012's and this is one of my prize acoustic's now.thanx graphtech! 5i should have read the reviews carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. ouch! i'm much happier with my friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!and who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? if you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers? 2in case you were wondering, this is a clone of the boss compressor/sustainer.  it does a very good job reproducing the original at a fraction of the cost.  you add noise to your chain with any compressor because that's what they do- they elevate quiet signal and minimize volume spikes to even it all out.  when it is off, this thing had pretty decent bypass but i would not string an entire board together with pedals that are not true bypass because it would suck tone.  the box is plastic, but it is solid abs plastic and is perfectly adequate.  i've not yet heard of a behringer stomp box failing because the plastic box crushed when someone stepped on it.  people do like to complain about the battery cover being annoying and i have to say- aren't they all??? seriously- when you can hook up a daisy chain and not ever have to deal with a dead battery ever again in your life, what are you complaining about?  the knobs are solid, and work just fine.  i own like a dozen of these cheap behringer pedals and i have never had a problem with any of them.  you get more than the asking price worth of function out of this box. 5my son needed a capo, expensive at music  shop where he takes lessons.  at amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price. 5very nice pop filter! i use it on all my condenser mics! it works perfect for those hard p's and strong s sounds. it's built very well and adapts to almost any mic stand. it makes deessing a lot simpler when mixing vocals. and it looks very professional! i wouldn't be on the mic without it, now that i know of the big difference it makes having it! 5this little amp kicks major ass, dood. i think i may have blown the speaker or it's just how it sounds but it's great for a lo-fi kind of fuzz-e tone when the gain and levels are all the way up. the clean tone is really nice too, a little to bright for my taste, but for a mini-clip amp it's not too bad. i can take this plus my tele to my friends house and sit outside and just didtle away. theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, no line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. if you have a big rig and you just want something small for like a camping trip with some friends this is pretty great. 5i got this for christmas last year ,as a beginner learning guitar ,this is a must have , works really good had mine for a year and it is still working and hadn't had to replace the battery's yet,, and i tune my guitar every time i play,  well worth it,, its so easy to use, 5bought this to power all my stomp boxes, wha peddle, tuner etc.  works just fine.  in fact, bought a 2nd one that stays on my workbench for powering various items being tested or worked on.  has all the adapters i needed. 5this is an iconic fuzz pedal.  yes, smashing pumpkins used this pedal but corgan also used a fender blender (which is similar to the big muff but has an octive thing going on too).  this is not a subtle pedal.  it's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  i find that it gets a little muddy if i run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  i can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  this is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the dunlop fuzz face.  it really has it's own thing going on.  it's not the kind of pedal that i keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  if i had it to do all over again i would likely buy the big muff with the tone wicker switch.  it's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability. 4i bought it by mistake cause i don't own nor play the bass but it works for my guitar..fits well!! good quality too! 5the reverb broke in my amp and i tried the boss frv-1 to replace it and didn't really like it too much.  then i read that a darker analog delay can sort of sound reverby.  this is exactly what i wanted.  it fills out the sound and yet doesn't add any artificial high end.  sounds gorgeous for what i do, which is playing alone in a basement.  for most songs it's always on, and it really excels at vintagy-sounding stuff like rockabilly and surf.  the mod button is a nice add-on but i haven't really bonded with it yet.if i had to buy this over again i might consider the aqua puss because i don't use the high delay times all that much and the aqua puss has an easy access battery door. 5i play in our band at church and as such, i've been wanting a vox ac15 for quite some time.  for those of you who do not play contemporary christian music and are wondering what the heck i'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a vox tone.  because of u2.  i know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.anyway, for the past few years i've been utilizing a line 6 floor pod plus to achieve this tone.  i've been using the "class a" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and i've never found a way around that.  i just sort of dealt with it.  then came father's day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used vox ac15c1 and i love everything about it.  doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (ac15cc1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  well, the ac15c1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  i've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a pcb inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in china.  so what.  it sounds very nice, especially for the low price.the amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  i cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15w amp, but not window-shattering loud.  in a church setting this is obviously not an option.  fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  you need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the "top boost" and "normal" channels.  i've opted to just use the "normal" channel and push it with a joyo ultimate drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  that overdrive does not interfere with the vox tone at all.  i used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with dimarzio hs series pickups and the joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic vox chime all the way.  i also used a boss dd-5 delay (also required if you play in a christian band - same reason as the other thing i mentioned...)  pure tone heaven.some have noted noise or "hiss" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  mine did not have this problem.  actually, i thought it did, and i was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before i realized that it was the way i had the amp set up:  as i stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (normal and top boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  i was plugged into the normal channel, and didn't realize that the top boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  i just shut that volume completely off since i was not using the top boost channel anyway.  problem solved.i'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  i've owned marshalls, mesa/boogies, a laney, a music man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the vox ac15c1 and the vox can hold its own with those others.  think of it as an affordable "boutique amp".  if you can pick one up used like i did, all the better.  interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used vox ac15 with no indication of whether it was a c1 or a cc1.  fortunately it was a c1.  it's a value at full price also.  get one. 5white thin picks by fender, what else can i say? they are very good looking, the only downside with thin picks is that you tend to keep buying thin picks because they keep breaking because you are playing fast and wild with them! 5i used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... however, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an xlr cable tester.i didn't believe it myself...i read another reviewer had an issue with xlr cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. so i took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.i got through only 4 monoprice cables before i found one that was miss-wired. now i will be checking all of them for sure.not a good start though.glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.i suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. the testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of. 1sat on my snark - good tuner but takes some patience. no quick tuning, but great for exact tuning if you are recording etc. would probably buy again, however will also get another snark - much easier for quick stage / sight tuning 4i have a taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. rather than ruin the finish of the guitar i just got a different strap. plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since i had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where i liked it to play. if the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made. 2the chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. it is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have. 2i was a bit hesitant to buy a guitar stand for only 10 bucks but glad i did.this stand is very sturdy, well made & durable.foam padded everywhere guitar touches!! can be folded for easy transport!! rubber strap on neck rest ensures guitar will stay put if bumped hard!!pleasently surprised at the quality of this stand!!highly recommended, very happy with purchase!!joe 5i use these strings on most of my acoustic guitars, except for the smaller takamine new yorker and a&l; ami (i use the d'addario custom lights).  i have grown a fondness for the phosphor bronze strings because of the perfect balance between the warm full sound with strumming and bright tones when picking.  also, the brightness is retained longer than other bronze and brass alloys i've tried, such as martins and elixirs.  these strings are quite durable and long-lasting.  in the 10 years i've been playing, i've never had these strings break on me (i've broken martin and elixir strings in the past).  the color-coded end balls help with the restringing.  i typically get the three-pack so i can restring a trio set of my herd at a time.  i really can't complain about anything.the individual gauges are: .012, .016, .024w, .032w, .042w, .053whighly recommended. 5the travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but i stand in front of a mic on stage.  the pedal generates  a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so i can't use it.  you get what you pay for.  king vox and dunlop high gain, both passive, have passed the test, and i'm pretty picky! 2i have been fortunate to build a small, but decent collection of acoustic and electric guitars in a room dedicated to music. all 15 of my guitars are hanging on the walls and in the 15 years i've been using string swings i've never had a problem with them. they hold every guitar, regardless of neck shape or style. since they swivel, my fender necks are just as secure as my gibson necks. the depth is adjustable, so they will account for the difference between acoustic guitars and solid body electrics. while i never had a problem with the rubber grip on the hangers marring the finish of my nitro coated guitars, i didn't want to take a chance, so i use self-adhesive sheets of felt and wrap the posts with felt to further protect the guitar's finish. i try and screw them into studs to support the weight, and where i can't do it, i hang some of my lighter guitars, but the anchors that come with the hangers are strong and secure... although i sprung a couple bucks and bought similar screw-in anchors; but made out of metal - just that added bit of security to make sure nothing happens. i also strongly recommend (as others have done) that you run a humidifier in the room housing your guitars (40-50% humidity is perfect). i recommend the honeywellhoneywell hcm-6009 quietcare 9-gallon output console humidifier with air washing technology 5for a long time, i never thought much about guitar strings. i pretty much thought they were all the same.in fact, guitar strings seem to be enjoying a technological renaissance these days. d'addario has gotten into the act with these nyxl strings, and i have to say that they are not like any other strings i've used.the feel is different, and the sound is different. different in a wow way. yeah, they're more expensive, but they're worth it. i'm a cheapskate, and i can't go back to cheap strings.now i'm spoiled, and i've become a guitar strings snob. 5i got this because i was adding a pedal to my practice amp.  this runs from my guitar to the pedal.  works perfect and the length is just right to reach from the guitar to the pedal.  this is actually my best cable and i think i will soon be upgrading my cheaper cables to these 5works exceedingly well for any use. whether dubbing audio, recording instruments, or just yelling at the top of your lungs. no issues and pretty sure i will never have any. 5these strings are great for a 12 string. i started using coated strings on all of my guitars last year and have gotten use to the smooth feel. a 12 string is a little harder on the fingers so the coating is nice to have. they sound as bright and clean as any uncoated string i have used on this guitar. and i think they will last longer. which is nice because the guitar is really not much fun to restring! 5high quality hassle free design.  very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force,  but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing.  very happy with this purchase. 5i use these cables to go from the balanced outputs of my digital piano (i have a pro model with xlr outs) to the inputs of studio monitors or audio interfaces.  works every time.  balanced signal is so much better...no more issues with ground loops or other problems.  just clear as a bell.they were cheap and the build quality is fine. 5i've bought several pairs of these for my guitars and no complaints yet.  they all work flawlessly.  i'll definitely buy more and highly recommend them.  just like schaller but fender branded and cheaper (asian made). 5i have about 4 different types of tuners and this is the best of them all. i have small kids and birds around the house so many tuners get lost with the noise. this one works off the vibration of the guitar so it is right every time even with a lot of noise around. 5love the ukulele,  and the book is okay,, shows cords but the songs are very outdated,,  you tube is your friend when learning the uku...update : i got a tenor uku for xmas adn bought a concert uku just because, i love them both more than this little guy although it does travel with me and i just forked out money for a hardshell case so it wont get beat up as much in my suitcase by american airlines,( just ruined my suitcase)anyhow,  it has been going out of tune for awhile now ( c string fattest one)  and i just figured out my bridge is lifting, there are two rivets holding it down and there is a board inside although not a very thick one,,will be putting a new piece on the inside and some good wood glue under the bridge and let it dry,,,  if the bridge falls apart again, i will be smashing the box and making a banjo uku with the neck,,if you think you are really going to like playing, go for a concert or tenor,,  if you are liking the size spend a bit of money, this is pretty much the same as my grand daughters 20 dollar ebay ukulele i bought myself 4 years ago and gave to my 3 yo grand daughter because that one too would not stay in tune. 5d'addario strings have never failed me. these are so much better than the other nylon strings i used to buy where the ball end always broke. these strings sound nice and you can't go wrong with the price tag either. 5for the money, this is a great guitar case.  i bought it for a silvertone sd10, which costs about $120.  the guitar fits it fine.  i use it to store my guitar around the house or put it in the back of the car to transport it.  i don't think i would take it on an airline.  they destroy luggage, so i don't think it would fair well.  the compartment inside is large enough for picks, strings, capo and a strap with room to spare.  mine opens and closes ok and the lock works. it is well worth the $60 i paid for it. 4for only a few bucks, this little item is extremely convenient!!! i placed it on a filing cabinet, next to where i practice and filled it up....love love love the hastle-free access to my picks!!! thanks guys for the great little product! :) all smiles... 5a bought this pedal to see how such a cheap stomp box could get such great reviews.  plugging it in and playing it for 5 minutes one can see.  it has tons of gain on tap, it responds well to the guitars volume knob, it creates a wall of overdriven amp tonal love.the pedal cuts through and is articulate.  it's not for modern metal but it can do any kind of hard rock.  think ac/dc and van halen to metallica.  it's a classic rock pedal that screams!!!buy it. 5this is actually a very sturdy yet light weight drum throne. the only issue i have is that the seat can swivel if not tightened properly, allowing the bolt to scratch the metal post (not a big deal). 5i use these strings on some of my acoustic guitars. good brand and good tone. 5 stars for this one. 5for years i have used a different type of capo, this one is so much easier to use and does an excellent job! 5i bought this for my mandolin and was pleasantly surprised how awesome it a find this was. easy to use and handy for any string instruments.only thing i regret is not getting one sooner. 5i bought two of these straps from a local store for thirty bucks each about two years ago. they've been the best straps; along with the same straps without the grommets, that i've used. i figured i'd save a bit and get a couple more from amazon. i got them fast and saved twenty bucks. they do fine with my fairly heavy fender and st blues guitars as well as my p bass. they are middle of the road for price and width, but give me no comfort issues at all. my second favorite strap is one just like this except without the grommets. super tight and easy to lower. raising it is a different story though. i just save the fast &#34;lower played&#34; songs for last. those are the best ones anyway. excellent strap. 5pros:* small. easy to take with you or set on a small shelf.* if using usb, does not need external power supply.  very convenient.* easy-to-use, accessible controls.* pre-amp power, works well with condenser studio mikes.* plug & play with windows 8.  didn't have to install any kind of driver.* variety of input options.  dual track with low/high volume sliders.* leds make it easy to tell whether in the green or red range.  easy to adjust.* awesome for those who need a mini-mixer-- and costs the same as a usb-based preamp-only device.* free shipping-- gotta like thatcons:* only one power setting, 15v. that may not be enough for some, but works great with my studio mike.* line in / usb buttons somewhat confusing, non-intuitive.  however the manual shows exact settings for computer use.* as with other low-end behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out.  can take some fiddling to overcome it.* it's pretty easy to overpower the computer's input and cause distortion.  start the sound levels at zero and slowly bring them up until it sounds good.notes:i purchased this for use with my studio mike, which i hadn't been able to use with my computer due to pre-amp power needs.  plugged it in, worked first time, no problems.this unit is very sensitive.  if used with a decent mike can pick up background noises from across a room.  with a bit of tweaking, is fine for studio work.  i use it for guitar/voice solo live internet music shows.overall, i'm quite pleased with the unit.  the only reason i give it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it isn't perfect... but then it's only fifty bucks.  for the price, overall quality, ease of setup, range, sensitivity and plug-and-play, i don't think one could find a better unit.  two thumbs up.  i don't know how a pro would rate this... but i definitely would recommend it to those doing recording on their computer with a studio-quality mike above the quality of the average "usb microphones" available on the market.  you not only get a pre-amp but a duo-channel stereo volume mixer in the deal.  hard to beat at that price.addendum:  a few days after the initial review-- i just used the device on a live guitar/voice webcast.  no background hiss, very good, clear sound, crisp, no distortion, excellent transmission.  friend recorded a video and the sound was precise and identical to the original performance.  quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp.hints and tips:two good hints on this one:* another user and i put our heads together and realized one can use a 6-volt lantern battery (or 3 to 4 aa cells), hook them into a usb printer cable and power this via battery.  it works great and makes this unit portable.* there are reports of this mixer interfering with the way the windows handles sound. i have found this to be true. it pretty much takes over your entire sound system. for some folks this will be fine. for others, they may not appreciate this. so what i did was uninstall the drivers, remove it from the computer usb (which seems to defeat the purpose, but wait...)... and plugged it into one of those new portable-usb power supplies you plug right into the wall (they're available all over for between $5 and $10). this powers the system without hooking it into the usb system of your computer. what this does is allow you to use the functions of the mixer without altering how windows handles sound, the programs it uses, or causing problems with programs like audacity.you then run a line in from your computer speaker output, a line out to your computer speakers or headphones, and you can still use microphones or whatever else you want. this is an excellent alternative to using it as a usb device. you are instead powering it from a usb wall-socket and simply using it as a quality mini-mixer (which function it performs very well). that's what i finally did and am still most happy with this device.in addition by using it in this manner you pretty much eliminate the relevance of what os you use. you could use this with windows, mac, linux or pretty much anything, because all you're really doing is setting it up as a mixer using standard line-in / out cables. works very well in this capacity. gotta love those new external usb power nodes. : ) 4a terribly easy install and good quality straplock.  i am pleased that they match my telecaster.  straplocks are a must for any electric guitar and these exceed that need. 5the case is hard on the outside and soft on the inside as it should be. the pocket inside is nice for holding accessories. it does include a lock on the middle latch, but somehow mine eventually stopped working, as the lock isn't very good quality. the lock cylinder itself fell inside the lock and can no longer be used. otherwise great case, highly recommended. 5for the money (cheap!), this is worth getting. the loop feature is quite good, the delay/echo entirely satisfactory. not as good as, say, a boss unit, but they cost 5x as much. great for everything from slapback to long delay, with heap-big repeats available. the plastic housing might not stand-up to the road. having the 9v adapter input on the side behind the in jack, rather than the back, seems wise. i've read some negative press about behringer pedals, but personally cannot complain. 5one of the my favorite thigns about strats is how easy they are to modify/customize. after about 10 years with my american standard, i was itching to change up the look so i changed out the pickguard and then wanted to give it a nice vintage look with some aged knobs and pickup covers. i didn't need the back plate but this kit was cheaper than buying all the parts i wanted seperately. the back plate is a single-ply, mint green so if you go for a mint green pickguard and want the aged accessories, this will give you a matching back plate. you can never go wrong with real fender parts. 5very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! i would recommend this product to a friend! 5after years of playing, i rather choose this small and strong accessory to take care of my precious guitars and basses. 5i use this clamped to a table and it's a superb product. i have a 7&#34; tablet, and a 9.7&#34; touchpad, and they both work very well in it. nice mount. great value. buy it. 5i bought this to replace a behringer uca202. the behringer performs very well for my use (guitar in a home studio), but recently it's become way too sensitive to interference; i was getting noise from the nearby cable modem / router / network drives. this noise was making its way to my recordings too :-(for what ended up being less than twice the price of the behringer i decided to try this unit. not only is it interference-free, it has a much warmer, intimate sound.it's usb powered, installs automatically in about a minute under win7 with no issues. i did go to the lexicon website and get their driver, though, just to be on the safe side.reaper had new entries for the device in the  audio settings panel (asio! :-) ). everything just works great, first time. i was even able to remove my little mixer from my entire setup thanks to the zero-latency monitoring on the device :-)great unit. i love the behringer, but this thing kicks it in the tail. 5looks better than the expansive one my grandson has.  he keeps using mine!!!  arrived early and is of great quality.  fits my very old acoustic just right! 5these are great cables. the only con i could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down. 5sadly, i can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.  i tried the mic with other cables i have lying around that i know work, and i got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.  and the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.  i still tried it with a difference mic... static.i can't blame amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.the stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.  i was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic.still... i can't recommend this product. 1this passive di-box is a great little tool that provides attenuation to interface a line or instrument output with a balanced microphone input.  some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation.  the -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because i used the same equipment for all attenuation settings.  with each attenuation setting, i had to adjust the input volume accordingly.  this device also a some ground lift switch that can prevent ground loops.  all the devices that i tried this with did not have their own internal grounding, so i needed to have the ground come from the mixer.  i did get some hum when i would touch the case, just like i did with other di-boxes.  this product worked very well for my needs. 5the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for. 3they are and look the right size and fit the cover well, a must when you want the right screw for the job thanks 5i've been playing for 8 years and i own 4 electric guitars.  all of my guitars are strung with d'addario 10's.  they sound great when they're fresh and in my opinion they stay fresh the longest.  i play at least 15-20 hours per week so i put a decent amount of wear and tear on my strings.  it's really the durability that sets these apart.the amazon price is terrific.  i like to restring my main guitar a little bit more than once a month and i can buy a year's worth of these for the same price as 1 set of bass strings.  i'd definitely recommend these strings and recommend purchasing through amazon. 5most comfortable picks - only complaint is that i would like four in a pack. if you use all four fingers buy two sets... 5i ordered two sets of these buttons to mount on two ukuleles - a concert & a tenor.  the buttons are good quality, look nice and are easy to install. the inclusion of the felt pad is important - don't buy buttons without a pad.drilling holes in your instrument might be a daunting thought, but take it slow & careful and you shouldn't have trouble. check out this rather entertaining how-to video to see the installation process: [...]for these particular buttons i used a 1/8 drill bit for the pilot holes. snug fit but (imo) not too tight.i matched these buttons with this strap:kala k-stp-bk black ukulele strapfor a perfect combination. 5i have a lot of guitars and do all the work on them myself.a couple of secrets to installing the mike pickup:after you drill the hole, and are trying to figure out just how to get thejack into place from the inside of the guitar, do this;get a guitar/patch cable and run it through the hole you just drilled until you can grab it throughthe sound hole. jack into the axl and then pull it out the hole using your cable. you may have to dothis a couple of times to get the jam nuts set for the right depth, so having a way to make this processeasier is a big help. also, i did not use the giant endpin collar that came with the assy, as it just takesup a lot of thread space to accomplish nothing.finding a sweet spot on smaller guitars/ukulele/mandolin's can be close to impossible because the soundhole is actually so small, you can't get your hand in, and finger length is as far as you can go, so in most cases, go in the direction of the low e string side as this is what is typically lacking on the smaller instruments unless you have jimi hendrix hands and in that case, congratulations.finally, on travel guitars; get rid of the giant strings that come on some of these things!my sx traveller came in with 11-54's and i could not even hear the low e string. i had an old set of electric 10-46's i took off of a bb king lucille, and just for the heck of it swapped them out; man what a difference; actually so much difference that i really didn't need the axl i just installed even though it's a fun addition.as far as an amp, i have a little honeytone that has been feeling out of place alongside my very large amp arsenal, and just may have found a home, as it is about as small as you can get to go along with the travel guitar. 5i was surprised at the sound that this amp produces.  the build quality is top notch.  tuner is right on, overdrive seems fine.  i'm not an overdrive player.cons: so far none and i don't expect any. 5i read the reviews here on amazon and was kind of turned off of buying it at first. eventually i went ahead and sprung for it since it wasn't expensive. i only needed one, and expected the package to come with just one, but it has two locks so that was a pleasant surprise. i've had them for 2-3 months now and they haven't failed me yet. they keep the strap in place just fine and are fairly sturdy for plastic pieces. really helped a lot because my strap would keep slipping off the knob and i had to use my ninja skills to get the guitar before it hit the floor. the only complaint i have is that they fit a bit tight with my strap (though it could be my nylon strap is just a bit too thick) and they are an extremely snug fit which makes me kinda nervous. however, i keep them as tight as i can while still allowing them to rotate a bit so everything is fine so far. not sure why the other reviews were so negative, but i have no complaints. 4this is not a great quality microphone. but that's not what i was expecting when i paid $25 for the mic and stand. i bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. i need some less expensive equipment to 'play on'. so it works well for that. 4rugged pedal by a little known company. took a shot in the dark, hit a bullseye! great univibeish/old chorus device. would like to see stereo output options in future models. solid. if you have a strat, have studied jimi, then it will suit you well if you've got the right physical approach to the guitar itself. 5great little controller for your daw, or whatever.easy to set up.  dials and sliders work smoothly.i use it with reaper.the 8 sliders and associated dials and buttons are logicallyshiftable, so this little darling can handle any number of tracks,not just 8.buy it!! 5i bought this to get the grime and finger prints off of my les paul before putting it on ebay to sell. worked great. didn't harm the finish at all. 5yep, i said it, better than a tubescreamer.this pedal has a wider gain range, far wider tone range and is much quieter than my mid 80s 'screamer.the only thing it seems to lack is the &#34;smooth creaminess&#34; of an old 808, but i can easily live with that..this is an amazing ts clone, and for the price, cant be beat. 5for the money you can't find a better deal.  i am currently overseas and didn't want to bring my good guitar along.  this is a great playing guitar for the money, comes packaged extremely well and high quality all around for the price. 5hosa patch cables are the best for the buck. great sound and flexible. i'm a firm hosa cable fan. love these little guys. 5these strings fit the bill perfectly for "my" desired sound from a yamaha lj-16 acoustic guitar which has been "doctored" with bone saddle, pins and nut. when i decided to put the money into the guitar, it was my belief that the elixir strings would continue to provide the sound and feel that i like so much in the lj-16 and after all the work was completed......that proved to be true to form. i did move to the medium for a little improvement from the bass side and it's a most outstanding sound from a medium price, hand crafted guitar. elixir has the best (most comfortable) feel, to me, of all the strings that i've tested and these provide the best (for my liking) sound on this guitar. try them if it's quality sound that you're looking for..............these are great!!!! 5our son loves this pedal board as it comes with a cover to use for transportation, and plenty of connection cords. he has his now fully loaded with pedals he routinely uses. it looks very stylish and functional as well. 5this tuner works great, easy to attach, turn on and adjusting the guitar to each individual string, is as easy as one two three. 5it just arrived to day and seems well-build.  haven't tried it yet. 5i just thought i would throw in another 5 star review which is based on the cost vs quality factor. i have several guitars, and always thought epiphone to be an inferior guitar. well i was dead wrong. it may not have the price tag of my "better" guitars, but it sure has the playability and sound. especially for the $100 tag on it. great for beginners or a seasoned player to add to his collection. the simple, yet killer sound of the single humbucker is hard to beat. i will not shy away from epiphone anymore. don't make the mistake of not picking up this guitar only because it's not stamped gibson. 5winds your strings its durable and will cut your strings as well  you can pull your pins at the bridge with it as well. 5this is the most awesome loop pedal ever!!! does the trick perfect, you can remove and add in elements to your loop! super small, only potential drawback is that it cannot be battery powered. 5these work great keep the guitar case around 43 degrees but do not seem to last as long as they did in the past. they are easy to use.... i continue to buy them because i live in a dry region of the country. 5i was originally was about to purchase a cheaper, thinner cable, but settled on this planet waves classic series xlr cable. i wanted mymxl 2010 multi-pattern studio micto have a quality xlr cable connecting it. i also have my microphone and this cable connected to theyamaha audiogram 6 audio interfaceand it works flawlessly.* sturdy cable. it is thick and flexible at the same time. it curls around my microphone stand well, too.* good connector heads. at the female end (microphone), there is spring part that locks in the microphone in. nice added peace of mind.this cable simply feels strong and well made. phantom power and data transfer has been flawless. i highly recommend this quality xlr cable.update: 12.19.12still working great after 5 months. forgot to mention the nice packaging. it's eco friendly and nicely packaged. it also has a lifetime guarantee. not a warranty, a guarantee! that speaks volumes on the quality they believe on their product. 5for the price you cannot go wrong with this.  holds my les paul and feels secure.  i've never had any issues with this.  don't bother spending 3-4x as much for something that does the job as well as this.edit - bought another one this christmas for another guitar and this one feels as good and as simple as the first one. 5genius concept. it works for me perfectly. i no longer lose or misplace my picks. easy to to snap the pick out of it and place it back in. it'll depend on  where you decide to place this pickholder, i placed mine right above the jack plug 5it is not the size for mini guitar. may be for the big one...connections are shaky. you will surely notice that the quality is toooo low. 2this is a very nice cable, i like this one better than all the other ones that i own, its thick and the sound is great. then one day an amp was bumped over in such a way that the cable end was broken or sheared off, that stunk 5i've used this to connect several devices and the colors help. i would recommend this and the quality is good. 5i bought one of these for a vintage fender showman that doesn't have built in reverb.  put a battery in and plugged it in.  very simple.  but the sound was horrible!  no setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb i ever heard or would want to hear.  the closest i could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful.  on the other hand, the reverb from my korg ax-100g (that i was using on another rig) was great.  maybe my dr600 was not functioning properly, but i don't think so.  i think that's the way it really sounds.  so i got a return authorization from amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and ups picked it up the next day and i got a full refund.jm tepper 1terrific way to tray out various picks without committing to a whole pack of something you might not end up liking.  and high praise for go-dps music.  these guys had the product out the door the same day i ordered it, sent some great sale information on other gear, and included a catalog explaining the specs of all the picks i'd ordered.  i only spent 1.99 and i really felt like they went out of their way to earn more of my business - which they did! 5this is a lemon oil used for cleaning and conditioning the rosewood fingerboards of guitars. this only gets done once a year on the average guitar, so if you're like me, this one bottle will supply you for many lifetimes. other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. the applicator contains a dispensing valve so push down hard to open it when you want the oil to flow.the label says not to use this product on maple fingerboards. doesn't say why, but my guess is it will discolor them, so be forewarned. 4i've been using this for a year to home record through midi and its a great buy. this was so much less expensive than a lot of other ones but it works just fine. no regrets on the buy at all. 5classic fender heavy picks.  i love the fender heavy pick and now my picks,knobs and inlays are all shiny abalone 5i bought this so i can keep some extra picks handy... now if i can just decide where to adhere it, to my guitar or my music stand?  or to the desk where i sit and play?  maybe i should just get one for each spot and each instrument...  yeah, i think a few of these would be nice. 5this isn't a review of these strings so much as a warning or caveat for those of you playing guitars with floating bridges (usually for a whammy bar) and not using these heavier strings already.i wanted a little fuller sound than the 10-46 slinky strings (aka regular slinky) and the idea of some driving base appealed to me so ordered the beefy's. i strung them up but had a hard time tuning the guitar. every time i got the higher strings in tune, the lowers would go down as much as a half note. it took awhile to realize that my floating bridge was coming off the body as i tightened the strings. so i pulled the back plate off my strat and set to off tighten down the the tensions screws. i made about 5 adjustments each time retuning the guitar to check my progress. the final time i tightened them down, the high e string broke. since these were my only beefy's, my day was done with these strings. however, given how far i tightened the tension screws, i think i would have had to purchase an additional tension spring (not too expensive or difficult to install if you have the inclination to do it) to get the bridge flush with the body.as i said, this isn't a knock of these strings. i never really got a chance to play them. just a heads up for anyone moving up to these heavier strings. it can be quite a shock the first time your see your bridge sticking out at a 45 degree angle to your guitar and if you aren't careful, you can damage your guitar. 4bought this pick looking for options around the old "dropped pick" syndrome. i was skeptical, as the pick at first glance seems slicker than most. however, once between thumb and index finger, these darlings hang on! 4i love this little guy. clip it on and no matter how much noise is around you, it will still accurately tune the guitar. very easy and simple to use. i paid $9 for it and it is 10 times better than the $40 one i have. 5perfect chain for most rock sounds.get the 28 strand for a thicker snap.i might try out the 28strand next year. i'm pretty happy with this one right now.the place i live in has corrosive air though its not messed these chains. 5the only instrument this works well on is my yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings i want more pressure, i advise getting the ns capo that is not "lite",  i prefer that one above this model. 2i've had these straplocks for a few years now and they haven't failed me once! i love them, and i never have to worry about my guitars getting damaged from a strap falling off or so. they rotate in full circles, and are super durable. you should buy them for all your guitars, and you'll never have to worry again. they are also very easy to use, and &#34;install&#34;. 5these do a good job of isolating out the sound.  they work very well.  would recommend it to other people 4i started two years ago with a 15 watt spider iii, then along with other amps, bought a spider jam. i thought they were all great.  now they come out with spider iv, and the difference in the sound is dramatic.  they are getting very, very close to tube sound.  so much so that for the lousy $299, compared to say $1000+ for 75 watts of tube, this is a real steal.loaded with features, and hundreds of presets, it has something for everyone. the pitch shifter and 18 available manual settings just add to the fun. and it will work with either generation of fbv pedalboard. says so right in the manual. the only difference i see is with the generation ii pedal you get a usb port.does it sound as creamy and smooth as my peavey delta blues or crate palomino tube units?  no, there is still a little digital overlay around in there.  but most people who are looking for a great home based amp, or maybe a church or small gig amp, this is a winner and the price is just nuts.  forget the peavy vyper, this is hands down much better and you don't have to sink another couple hundred in a pedal to get to all the presets like the vyper. 5unquestionably a top-of-the-line manual string winder, but still the user must careful not to scratch a guitar's headstock.  on some tuners this might work great, but on various of mine, still sloppy.  for now i'll stick with good old fashioned fingers and thumb. 3first off the pedal is constructed of metal and feels really durable. turning the knobs on the pedal reveals the the smooth and efficient quality of the pods. the pedal &#34;gets along&#34; fine with no interference with the other pedals on my board. the sound is exceptional and can be adjusted  within a wide range to one's liking. i can't say it's my favorite pedal, but it sure does play a nice role on my pedal board of various effects. 5this headstand works like a charm. it's simple, portable, and sturdy. p.s. to the people complaining about it falling over...i have no idea what you're doing with your guitars, but mine is very stable. plus all headstands are a bit wobbly and i've used just about every brand. for the price, you can't complain. 5well, i don't really know what else to say.. i ordered them for the guitar, though i won't be using them for the banjo. (i prefer the sound of clawhammer banjo)the thumb picks fit my thumb perfectly, and the finger picks only needed a tiny squeeze to stay put. they feel kind of alien right now, as it's the first time i've ever wore finger picks, but i'll get used to them eventually :p. 4i bought this as an interface between my mixer, instruments, and mics to my macbook for garageband.  you have to go in and change the input and output in osx, but it works great! 5this is actually my first experience with a biyang pedal.  i heard good things about the build quality, but didn't end up with a biyang until i needed a reverb pedal.  turns out that reverb is a relatively expensive effect to find in a compact pedal.  most of the popular options or $100 and up.at around $59.99, the tri-reverb has a distinct advantage in price, but don't underestimate its quality.  as some other reviewers noted, the reverb can get extremely deep and lush, if you so desire.  i found myself with the "blend" and "time" knobs around 30% for a practical spring reverb.  there's a multi-switch for hall, spring, and room.  there are subtle differences between the three, but i'd be lying if i said they sounded dramatically different.  the a/b switch isn't well explained, but if you're in "a" mode, the effect is much more dramatic.  i found that operating in "b" mode was similar to the type of reverb i had enjoyed on my amps.  (note: it has a stereo input and output, but i only use one input/output, so i can't comment on that).at the end of the day, it's a fairly simple "always-on" effect, and the biyang does the job without costing a fortune.  but what makes it 5-star worthy in my book are the little pieces of attention to quality.  having a thumb mini-screw to open the 9v compartment (instead of a plastic door or needing a phillips screwdriver) is a big deal.  also love that the 9v jack is on the top of the unit, away from the other jacks.  the pots are smooth and easy to turn, and the mini-switches and footswitch are "boutique" level quality.  this is a great reverb pedal - i don't think i'll ever need another one. 5the threads can sometimes come undone slightly and make you itch if they come in contact with skin, but it's still a great strap and holds up solidly. would certainly buy again. 4these cables are really the best. they sound perfectly, they look and feel strong, their contact is perfect. life time warrany. recommended. 5my main headphones before were hd-280's, which i thought were pretty good, until i got these. i have several pair of hd-280's, one for mixing audio, one for practicing with drums (since they have decent isolation), and one for 'her' to use.i have one of these, and the amount of detail is great. i have a set of m-audio bx8a's, and these have a touch more clarity, which considering the price difference...wow. for mixing audio though, can't use headphones when it comes to getting the stereo imaging right, but, i think these will get used for mixing more and more, with the finalizing on the bx8a's.i didn't know headphones could sound this good. 5the most annoying thing about modern ideas in ukulele strings, or indeed in guitar strings, is to wind them with aluminum wire - making at the least a black deposit of aluminum on my hands, or at worst, cognitive damage skin contact with them. these rather inexpensive strings are not aluminum wound, but are silver plate wound - no health problems possible from strings makes them the best. 5if you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, i'll use these again and again 4i don't know much about delay and i've never really used it. this is a fun pedal, for a simple cool delay. kinda makes you aware of what you are playing. fun with blues/chorus sound! yep! 5we bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. it appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues. 5i have played through this for over 15 years and i will tell you right now, get a big amp. get 2 amps and split the signal, even. you want to have the biggest amp you can when using this pedal. otherwise it will come off sounding frail instead of "frail and bedazzled".otherwise this pedal conjures up a beastly reference, and it should. i have been in a couple bands where i just plugged this into the amp and played my riffs. the free drinks and loose women followed shortly thereafter.if you're looking for stinging yet rumbly fuzz, this is the pedal you need. i only wish it went up to "11". 5the c has the same numbered base plate top and bottom, so the numbers are totally opposite on each side. i see what people mean about the taste, but that's hardly a problem as i knew what i was purchasing. overall, reasonably satisfied, will give them a good try later. 3i was looking for picks comparable to the three that came with my fender beginner's mandolin set, worried i'd permanently lend them out or otherwise lose them. having a dozen similar--a few for me and a few to share--meets the need! he heavy feel and very rounded edges make for a very mellow sound and allow for a quiet practice, especially when compared to lighter weight and pointer guitar picks. 4i have several different slides (glass, brass, steel, short, long, etc.)and this has become my go to for every slide guitar session i play on!i wear it on my ring finger, it fits great, the tone is amazing on acoustic, electric and banjo!works great for blues, rock, a little stoner country, and even some metal! (the main genres i play in)harmonics and sustain to spare!i keep it in my pocket at all times now, it goes with me everywhere, and has never failed to lay down some mojo when i bring it out! 5capos are not something that i shop for. i have had two for years. one is a strap type and the other is an expensive k type. it is similar to this one. yeah...in looks only. this one blows that one away. it has adjustable tension and it fits on the neck in a different manner. it is not in the way of chords or fingering and it does not cause the strings to go sideways. this is great. i play a tele and an acoustic martin. it works great on both. i play professionaly and this is the best thing i've gotten in two years. 5these pics are perfect for a jazz guitarist, and i actually like the coloration too.  the ocean turquoise wasn't nearly as nice a color and i expected a bluish color.  these are about .7mm and that's just right. 5i've used quite a few strings out there and imo these are the best for feel, sound and overall quality. if you play fender instruments you can't go wrong using their strings. of course strings are a subjective thing so to each his own but i will say i used 2 different strings most of my life but was in a guitar store one day and picked up a tele and was immediately impressed with the strings. i looked at the back and noticed they were colored ends so i thought they were d'addario strings which i found to be odd considering it was a new fender. so i did a little research and found that fender was indeed doing the colored ends now as well. been buying them ever since and love them. 5no complaints about this hardware.  easy to install with patience, easy to use.  the click on/off system securely holds your strap, and prevents the strap binding from slipping off the post.these work like a light switch...on/off, so i'm not sure how you can rate them as poor.  there aren't really any directions, so it takes a little mechanical knowledge (just a little...it's not rocket science) to make them work.quality metal, secure function, and easily replaces posts on instruments already equipped with standard strap posts.i've installed these on a 3/4 hoener, full sized squire acoustic, and 2 fender strat's. 5it sounds like it's behringer.  very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all i need.  i got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  the highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame. 3after taking my guitar lessons...i never knew there were soooo many kinds of flexibility or thickness of picks for guitars. my instructor told me that i need a variety to see which one or two felt good in my strumming hand, and to see if i could pick out some melody's without too much problem. i realize the pick is not magical that it plays with out me doing the work, and i have been having fun trying all sorts of sizes, flexibilities, and strengths. just go for the gusto and find what you like! 5the base for this thing is a monster! the thing works great, and because of the very strong load the base provides - not the easiest thing to accidentally knock over. 5this stand is a little difficult to open.  the top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it. 3we bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp mic, and it works fine for his set-up. it comes with the mic clip to hold the mic as well. the height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. 5i was unaware when i originally purchased these that there was a threaded mic mount on the back extension pole. i already had a couple 13" posi-lok boom arms that i popped on them and was able to reclaim two floor mic stands and save a little bit more floor space. they are fairly well constructed for the price and fit perfectly in my small home studio. the mics are now perfectly positioned and dont get kicked around anymore. 4seriously, this is a great pedal. i can't improve upon what others have said, but i will mention a few points.1. i use this after the preamp or dirt boxes for a lead tone, or to add more crunch to my fender frontman 212 when inserted in the effects loop. it's run before time based effects (delay, phaser, etc) for me.2. i sometimes use it before the distortion as a clean booster, while focusing one of the sliders to boost a few frequencies.3. if it gets noisy or "self oscillates" after a while, change the battery to a fresh one. better yet, use an ac adapter.i found out about the last issue after reading a few harmony central reviews. otherwise, it's been on my setup for about seven years. i take care of my stuff. 4great little amp, but get a tube amp if you're serious about playing guitar. it will sound a lot better and it's not too much more expensive. solid state just isn't the same.i'll also say that it's quite difficult to get a natural sound out of this amp without a lot of tweaking. even then, you won't get a great clean tone. the fender champ x2 is a great alternative to the more expensive and desiralble vintage fender vibro champ. go with quality and save yourself a future purchase (resale vale is great on the x2 as well). 4i don't put these on every guitar but on the right guitar they are perfect.  what's the right guitar?  longer scales- like a strat.  i would not put these on a shorter scale (22") because it would get too flubby.  if you hit the power chords hard you may also want to stear clear-  these require a bit more subtlety in your attack or you will vibrate in and out of tune on the low e when you are pulling off windmills like townshend.  they do allow super  easy string bends for when i feel lazy or for when my fingers are torn up from playing.  ymmv. 5this simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when i'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  it's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  it rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  well worth it. 4i bought this to keep the saliva on the mic to a minimum.  should work just fine.  i also bought the green one. 4well executed black guitar strap.  it is made of strong, seatbelt-like material with excellent stitching that is unlikely to ever fray or come apart.  the length adjusts easily to accomodate tall adults or children.  it has excellent leather ends with slots cut into the leather to put over you guitar buttons (not-included).  nothing fancy but great quality that gets the job done inexpensively. 5i have 10 of these hanging on my wall with different types of guitars, banjos, and mandolins.they attach to the wall with 2 screws.  hardware is included to attach those screws to drywall.  it takes about a 1/4 inch hole in the drywall where a large screw shaped plastic piece is inserted into the drywall and then the regular screws go into the plastic.the piece that touches the guitar has some sort of silicone/rubber which protects the instrument.  the holder can be bent in or out a bit to better fit the instrument that you have.i have moved a couple of times and these can be removed and attached again.very sturdy, well made product. 5a little bigger than my other pick holder, so the pics aren't as fluid sliding in and out. great price though. 4now i can use the clean channel on my amp, with this pedal, for my acoustic guitar and that leaves my channel 2 for my other pedals and my electric guitar. 5it works and cleans the strings, but its durability is a little low, for about 2 months. i recommend planet waves string cleaner if you plan to use a really good cleaner. 3this was very convenient, easy to use, weighs next to nothing and takes even less space than i had expected. recommended. 5i've always been a fan of these fender classic picks. they just feel right, wear very well, and make a nice sound in conjunction with a good set of strings on my telecaster. i also think the price is pretty fair. 4i've been thinking about trying the nanoweb strings for a while, but i was a bit put off by the high price (they cost about twice as much as the uncharted strings i've been buying)  and the comments of some reviewers that the tone of coated strings is noticeably duller. i was intrigued by the promise of long life, though; i have a taylor big baby that i bought used, and which came with a set of nanowebs that had probably been on it for a year- and they didn't sound at all like old strings. this review set gave me a chance to finally see for myself how they sound when new.i'd just changed the strings on my 1970s gibson gospel a week ago, so i decided that would be my reference. the nanowebs went on my 1970s guild d-35. both are well broken in, solid spruce top guitars. the gospel is a bit brighter sounding, but i'm pretty familiar with the sound of both guitars. if they d-35 sounded dull, i'd notice.as i was unwrapping the nanowebs i noticed that while they were labeled "light" gauge, they had a 0.013" e string- something you'd be more likely to find on a set of medium gauge strings. the b was a .017, compared to the .016 of the d'addarios i usually play. the rest of the strings were there usual light gauges. turns out that these are "hd light" gauge, designed to have a slightly more tension and better articulation at the high end. the difference shouldn't be enough to require any truss rod adjustment so i went ahead and installed them on the d-35.so how do they sound? the unwound e and b don't sound different from any other plain steel string, of course. the e does feel a tiny bit stiffer, when i switch between the d-35 and the gospel. sound-wise, i'd say they sound like a good set that have been on a guitar for a day. i wouldn't call them dull by any stretch of the imagination. if i didn't know that they were coated strings i certainly wouldn't be able to tell from playing them. so they're good sounding strings, and they last a long time. that leaves the question of cost- are they worth twice the price of uncoated strings?here's the way i see it: if you're a heavy strummer, or playing gigs every night, maybe not. you're probably breaking strings or losing them to metal fatigue long before they'd go dull from corrosion or contamination. but if you're a finger picker, or a light strummer, a coated string will probably save you a lot of money in the long run. and if you're a hobby player who keeps a guitar around the house, and picks it up once in a while to entertain friends or family, coated strings are probably an excellent choice. for myself, i'm going to leave these on the d-35 for as long as they still sound good. i'll update this review when i find out just how long they do last.follow up: after playing these for a few days, i actually went out and bought a set in the same gauge for my loar lh-350, an arch top guitar with a carved top that gets played more than any of my other guitars. they sound great on the loar, and now i have two guitars to do a long term test on. 5i got this at a great price so decided to give a strobe tuner a try. if you're accustomed to vibration tuners it takes some getting used to it. while it may technically be more accurate than the cheaper vibration tuners, this advantage is of limited use given that the tuning of guitars still has to have some compromise from perfect in order to be well intonated. one advantage over the clip on tuners (by the way, you can't beat snarks for the price) is that because it is electronically connected to the guitar it is not affected but other instruments that may be playing at the same time. i've noticed that while trying to tune when playing live by clip on tuner seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; by other instruments. 4lots of juice, easy settings, very clean sound with all the horsepower you would need.  i haven't jacked it up all the way....i don't think the cat would appreciate that.  i get a little feedback every so often, occasionally it's a little overly sensitive to my volume control on the guitar,  but not enough to submarine this power packed amp.  how do you get that much noise out of an 8&#34; speaker? 5it is very easy to apply, great results and very little effort. i'm surprised by the results. never got this shine in my guitar with any other product. 55 stars because it works as its described, and has a nice display. i like this better than my old snark. it's got a better build quality than the snark for sure. 5these stands are truly amazing.  they function perfectly for both acoustic and electric guitars and take up very little real estate in a room.  they are incredibly stable and have a nice thick cushion at the top so the guitar won't get scratched. 5there are some things in this life that you don't want to have to think about, and your tuner is one of them.  you have enough to think about on stage without worrying about your tuner.  it is fast, reliable and looks great on the pedal board.  it is true bypass and doesn't add a bit of noise nor suck any tone at all.  your brand preference will guide your decision, but don't shy away from this well-made piece of equipment.  i would buy it again. 5tried them all. these are the best sounding in my book. they last pretty long for non-coated strings and play nicely, too. 5makes my guitar look great, from the fretboard, strings and body.  everything conditioned and polished.  great quality product, highly recommend 5my title says it all.  i didn't like the ac adaptor.  i did work very well and was strong.  i liked how solid it was. 3unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! i tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes. 1i had my doubts about the effectiveness of the blend knob but it is very effective indeed!  this compressor gives just the right amount of softness to the attack.  it never sounds &#34;thumpy&#34; or unnatural - but always musical.  i really think that this is what a guitar compressor is supposed to sound like. 5one of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive fender custom shop telecaster fell flat on the ground. 1i just picked up a pod hd500 and i love it. of course a couple days later they announced the hd500x, but it doesn't look like they've made any major changes. anyway, if you're thinking of getting one, here are my thoughts, in no particular order:*this thing is versatile. you can use it in a number of different ways. just as an effects board with 8 customized effects, with effects and amp sims, as a midi controller, and as a recording interface, to name a few*line 6 gave you access to the guts. everything is tweakable, assignable, and flexible. they trust their users to read the freaking manual. i'm amazed at how much you can customize this thing to suit your needs. want the foot pedal to control the feedback level on the delay? no problemo!*for live performance, this thing would be perfect. it allows you to organize your presets in "set lists" and name everything whatever you want. you can change between banks of patches easily and change between the patches themselves.*while not all the effects are my cup of tea (in particular, some of the distortions sound too harsh to my ear) there are enough options to make anyone happy. for example, i love the distortion i get from the tube compressor with the drive turned up.*the built in looper goes forward, backward, half speed, before effects, after effects. fantastic!* it's built like a tank. metal exterior, everything feels solid and like it will last longer than i willif you've got the cash and need a solid array of effects for live performance, take a look at these and the new 500x version. just buying a handful of the actual pedals this simulates (not to mention the amps) would cost you more money, assuming you could even find some of the vintage ones. truly a great piece of gear! 5i was skeptical after reading the reviews, but the manufacturer must have read the same reviews because these things are solid and the glue that holds the rubber piece seems to be holding up well. no issues with the screw not tightening either. i plan to buy more of these in the near future. 5i always keep a lot of these on hand.  these are the only picks i use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals).  since i play for several hours nearly every day i have a tendency to go through a lot of picks.  these definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that i have used.  for example, i can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a musician's gear pick or a fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks.  the weight is great for my style of playing.  they seem more durable than other brands.  they're inexpensive and since i play a lot of hours i always keep lots of these on hand.  i love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!! 5bought this along with the guitar as a present for my daughter. the guitar fits in this case perfectly, and is very well protected. 5i've used this pedal with a casio px200 keyboard for about 6 weeks now.pros:-sturdy construction (compared with the plastic footswitch type pedals that come with keyboards).-polarity switch - i was using a yamaha fc4 with an older keyboard, but the fc4 does not work properly with the casio keyboards.  it's a tip-negative polarity, and the privia requires a tip-positive polarity.  so the piano would operate in reverse (sustain on until the pedal is depressed).  thankfully, the sp-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard.-cord is long enough (6')con:-build quality is slightly less than the fc4.  the fc4 has a smooth action (made in japan), but the sp-2 had some problems with the metal spring squeaking.  some lubricant helped to fix most of the squeaking.the sp-2 also comes with a plastic cap if you prefer to cover the metal pedal.  overall, it is a solid product and almost a necessary upgrade for the plastic footswitch pedals. 4i have preferred ernie ball extra lights which is a nickel string. they have a smooth depth of tone which is my preference. the nyxl's have a brighter tone, good playing ease, and stay in tune better when making new string changes. if you have a mahogany body guitar such as the les paul junior specials then the added top end would make a very nice match, or if you like a brighter tone on any guitar the same applies.these are not coated strings which a lot of strings in this price range are. pertaining to output i am a firm believer that although you can notice a difference quite readily between certain types of stings in &#34;acoustic/unamplified&#34; output, but once you plug them into an amp with a volume knob the difference disappears.these do stay in tune better than my usual ernie balls nickels when you first put them on. the nickel takes a day to stretch into the tension of proper pitch. these have their tension adjust better on the first day of use. after the nickels set in you may not notice much of a difference. i find that by lightly sanding the nut with 1000 grit paper, and using big ben's nut sauce on all of the contact points of the string does more for keeping a guitar in tune than any other. having these nyxl's on there is just one more added benefit.i would say if you are looking for a brighter tone, with better tuning stability, these are the ones to have. you can tell from the wall to wall 5 star reviews these are the one to have. 5these are obviously designed for microphones with the shure sm-57/58 series form factor. i use mine for the much heavierblue microphones encore 100 studio-grade dynamic performance microphone, and this clip holds it right where i adjust it to.the threads in the base of the clip appear to be precision-machined. mine effortlessly mate with anon stage msa7040tb adjustable microphone boom, black, anon stage stands 7701b tripod boom microphone standand amusician's gear die-cast mic stand black, which are the only stands with which i've used this clip.bear in mind that if you are using microphones that are designed with form factors that are different from the shure sm (and pg and similar), or a different brand that uses that form factor, then this clip will probably not work. also i cannot vouch for it as a clip for heavy touring, although for local bar gigs it should easily hold up, and at the price you can afford to purchase some spares (actually, you should do that.)i am personally pleased with mine and do not regret selecting this model. i have five or six on hand, including a few spares, and if i needed more clips, this is the one i would purchase. 5excellent pedal, i love this chorus... it is perfect to me...the effect is really great... mxr has a very good quality 5no way this thing cost lest than $40.  i needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so i gave the joyo pedals a try and i am pleasently surprised.  this compares to my other compression pedals i own...in a metal case???? bonus.  i'm super happy with my joyo pedals. 5i have been playing for about 7 years now and have a tak jasmine acoustic and a jay turser strat knockoff.  i really love the les paul sound but my pocket book is not large enough for the les paul price.  i've read just about everything i can on these epi's and finally went to my local music store to try one out.  my initial impression was somewhat mixed.  the sound was good but the action seemed "off"  after playing a few scales and a couple easy chords i began to get a feel fro the action on this guitar.  then i switched from the rear pickup to the front and bang there was that sound i was looking for.  classic gibson les paul sound (in all fairness the amp was setup for a strat).  after playing around a bit more i asked to try one in the cherry finish.  they unboxed a new one for me and wow this guitar looks amazing!  i sat down plugged it in and played a bit. instantly i was in love.  the action was perfect (despite the some what heavier strings than what i'm used to).  the sound off both humbuckers was classic and playability of this guitar has to be tried to be appreciated.  tuning is a breeze, and is held as well as any other guitar i own (i always retune before every session anyway).  epiphone really did everything to capture that les paul sound in a economy guitar.  yes i know you puriest will point to the bolt on neck, the cheaper humbuckers, the flat top construction, and the basswood body.  i point to the angled headstock, mahagony neck, rosewood fret board, and gibson electronics.  i love the simple volume and tone controls (yea a little more knob spinning when switching between pickups) and the tun-o-matic bridge and tail piece is gonna make string changes a breeze (so much better than having the try to thread thru the body).  even with my somewhat limited practice amp this guitar still sounds amazing, oh and the sustain from it well lets just say i hit a low e last night before i went to bed, and i think it is still reviberating in the amp this morning (lol  if your looking for a les paul sound at a discount price- consider this your answer. oh and my local shop was able to give me this guitar at $20 less than any place else, and they will do a free setup for me after i've played it for a while (so far it's been perfect out of the box). 5i've got an old mesa boogie that has developed scratchy controls over the years.this stuff cleaned most of them out pretty well but my midrange pot is starting to crackle again.i hate to tear the chassis out again but it'd gotta happen 3great feel to them and nice sounding.  they do seem to stay in tune a bit longer but then they are thicker than what i normally use.  i think i will try these in the super slinky 5i love this cable. i don't get any buzz when i hook up my bass and it can handle anything i throw at it. the sound quality is amazing. 5over the years i've tried literally dozens of capos. while some have been better than others i've never had one i was completly happy with -string buzz, hard to place without being out of tune, too firm, not firm enough, etc. so far the planet waves ns tri-action capo is the best one i've ever tried,at least in the short term. it's worked equally well on my acoustic & my electric. it works on my octave mandolin and, even though it's designed for 6 strings, on my rickenbacker 12 string. hopefully it will give years of faithful service & for the quality is reasonably priced. at this point i give it 2 thumbs up. recommended 5inexpensive. light weight yet sturdy while holding a guitar. folds up and can easily be stored. highly recommend this for the guitar player. 5this will make your fretboard smile!  it takes a dry, faded, fretboard and makes it look like new.  a few dabs goes a long way so this 4 ounce bottle should last you a long time.  if your fretboard is really dry & faded, apply heavily and allow it soak in.  continue applying until the board stops absorbing and then wipe dry.  i was amazed at how this made a dull & faded 40 year old fender fretboard came back to life. 5windows 7 install worked fine.i use mixcraft pro 6 and it's working well.i did have an issue with the drivers, since i had too many midi devices, but the fix wasn't too hard. 4just make sure you get this when you get the tascam. i didn't run it without this power source, that seems too ghetto. they should just jack the price to what it would be with this and viola! but what do i know. 5i may have misunderstood the product description but i prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. my issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when i play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. if you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what i thought. 2my kids were excited to split this pack of picks. since there were two of each in the pack, they didn't have to argue over who got which pick. these are very unique and a nice way to personalize your playing. i think these would make a great gift for a grandparent or parent who played guitar in the 60's and 70's. 5this is a really nice strap.  it's very thick and feels like it's well made and high quality for a non-bank breaking price on a strap.  looks cool and vintage, i am a fan of many dunlop products and this one does not disappoint at all. 5this is a great strap. nice tight fit, snug and secure and very flexible. best part this strap gets long long long. yep here it is. 5it's about the size of a credit card, and half as thick as a deck of cards.  it's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it's supposed to do.  you can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable.  it has a switch to change between bass and guitar, and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.it also has a button to tune it down lower (5 half steps) so you can do some alternate tunings too.lastly it has a button for &#34;sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually.  the display is very fine and kinda hard to read, but it has lights above the lcd screen to show if it's flat, in tune or sharp, so you can focus on that if you have trouble.it comes with 2 aaa batteries.  i have no idea how long they'll last yet but i have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later. 5i enjoy this very much! very good strings! it's a good brand too! i recommend it for any acoustic that you have or will have! 5i really like the strings they sound very bright and go well with my guitar i do hope they last quite a while i put them on a bout a month ago but that guitar is only lightly played so i will try to update when i change them 5i've been playing guitar for about 7 years now, and i've always used the kaiser capo, but since i got this planet waves one, the kaiser just gathers dust in my guitar case. although they're both just tools to hold down the strings on a certain fret, the planet waves is much easier because it uses spring action with little effort, while i can recall the kaiser taking a lot more work to actually get it onto the guitar. less pressure is involved, and i kind of like the fact that the rest of the capo, that isn't actually barring down the frets, is under the guitar instead of over it. the product conceals itself well to those who aren't playing the instrument and it has great use. i'd recommend this to anyone who wants the best capo out there. 5these are nice, i like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as i am.  once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  i also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  they stay in your fingers well. 4this is my first guitar stand and i have to say i am pretty happy with it.  it's made of good quality metal and you can tell it's much higher quality than the price tells it to be.  the neck strap and the base are excellent.  made of great padding to pad the bottom and can put any guitar base on there.  look at the other reviews and you won't be disappointed.  it didn't smell like the other reviews said either. 5these strings sound amazing. they also last for a really long time and keep sounding amazing. i get better harmonics with these strings as well. 5well this amp does have it's pros and cons, however the cons are overshadowed by the pros.pros:1) small!!!! 2) sounds like a big combo amp 3) makes overdrive pedals sound better 4) sustain 5) big bottom bass 6) hd construction and components. 7) i can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback. 8) it soundsreally good!cons:1) yes, it "could" be louder 2) not "bright"now the details,  i have a tube combo amp and in comparison the zt is a bit on the dull side as far as presence.its not that it does not have it, just could use more. however this is made up for when you step on your overdriveor distortion. solos just sing on this amp.  i feel like my guitar pickups and stomp boxes sound better. the ampcompliments your rig in some mysterious way.  i stopped using my combo amp all together because the sounds so good. i also kinda detect some what of a processed chorusy sound plugged straight in when i first turn it on (seems to go away). i know it is an analog path but has some digital modeling processing internally. it also seems to have a positive compression/pumping release that make the notes sing and get louder as they ring.volume?  for a conservative band in a small room it fits the bill. mic'ing for larger venues would work just fine.if you're in a loud band, you might consider plugging in an external cabinet as it does have that option. (darn i meant to test before this review). tip- so on youtube and some other forums guys are making the amp louder by plugging a blank cord into the1/8" aux input on the back. i tested this and yes, it does go louder for whatever the reason. (i'll be getting a blank 1/8"jack to put it that aux port) a small but very noticeable volume increase. if you need to be louder then i suggest the larger zt, but its double the price. a friend of mine has one and he no longer uses his mesa boogie or marshall amps anymore. the 12 club zt is super loud.i can turn all the knobs all the way up and it doesn't get all noisy or feedback.1-100 i rate this a 98% gear head satisfaction. remember we are talking about a lunchbox with a 6.5" speakera tremendous feat of technology to get that much sound out of a little box.check it out the reviews on youtube.part ii -ok, the extension cabinet option: hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. however do not use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - turn the switch off. it will overheat the amp and start acting weird. i found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. i would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. you'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but i would not recommend it. 5i have been using d'adario strings for 30 years. they sound great. they stay in tune. excellent sustain. i can get better string control compared to other strings. i have never experienced a string break in 30 years. 5hi guys. really simple little review here. this is a windscreen. it does windscreen things.pros1. it works2. it fits my microphonecons1. the package game a little smushed so it's a little misshapen.it's $2, it works. if it's not the highest quality stop complaining. it's $2, what did you expect, kevlar? 5i've relied on this stuff for years, and it has yet to let me down.  i play my guitars quite frequently, and they tend to collect a fair amount of sweat, etc., during a show. a couple sprays of this product and a quick wipe down with a guitar chamois return my axe to its shiny self, with zero degradation to the finish. i've even used this on matte or light finishes with good results.tip: a little goes a long way. i play every week, i use this stuff every time i put away a guitar, and it still takes me at least a year or so to finish a bottle.  i figure this stuff costs me about 25 cents per month.  :) 5i am,  primarily, an acoustic guitar player who acquired my first electric just about a year ago, a gibson les paul. what i am finding is that the situation with electric guitar strings is very similar to that with acoustic guitars. most name-brand strings are just fine, but some are markedly different than others. a few are actually a notch-above the others. these nyxls from d'addario are definitely in that 'notch above' category.i find them easier to play, better sounding and more reliable in holding their tuning than the six or seven others i have tried. i plan to stick with them.  a few comments about each area:playability:these nyxls bend easier and take less of a toll on the tips of my fretting (left) hand than do most of the others. of course i have callouses that have been developed over the years and feel permanent - but heavy playing can still make my fingertips sore. these strings seem less 'cutting', even after a couple of hours of constant playing. they also 'squeak' less when i slide up and down the neck.sound:the sound is crisp and rich at the same time. most electric guitarists who i know tend to prefer one of these qualities over the other and choose their strings accordingly. i prefer a blend of both - just as i do for my acoustic instruments.  these nyxls provide the closest blend that i have been able to achieve of these two different but complimentary characteristics, andtuning:tuning and re-tuning can drive a guitar player to distraction.  even some really good sounding strings don't hold the tuning very well and even after only one brief riff, need to be adjusted by at least a quarter tone. these nyxls are holding the tuning far better than the others i have used. less time tuning = more good time playing!all-in-all, i found no flaw in these strings. there is always something new coming along and d'addario's formulation that uses high carbon steel alloy in the manufacture of these strings seems to make a considerable and positive difference.  until someone comes up with something better, i expect to stick with them! 5i got this for my epi sheraton ii:pros:  it fits perfectly; it's "fur" lined and has a decent sized internal compartment; it's solid and the hardware is sturdy; it has one locking latch (out of five), but nothing that would stop a real thief; it has two knobs on the bottom that allow the case to stand on end without tipping over, two knobs on the side for when you put it down on its side, and three knobs on the back that allow it to lay down without being completely on the ground; it's relatively thin.cons:  it's heavy; the handle is positioned oddly and at an angle; it has some "made in china" characteristics.i've had several cases and this is one of the nicest.  on a personal level, i'd prefer it didn't say "epiphone" on the outside.  but since it does it's a good place to hide a $3000 gibson 335. 5i bought one for my tenor and a different brand for my soprano ukulele,,  i found i like the snark better for the dollar more in cost..  the other has multi use ( bass, chord, ukulele ) and seemed cheap,  i liked the snark so much i bought this one for my concert ukulele,,  you might ask, huh  why one for each ukulele,  if you play,, then the answer is simple, for 10 bucks i do not have to hassle swapping tuners out,, and can just grab my ukulele and go. 5i love it, i used this for my yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, i would recommend it to anyone 5i bought my son a thousand dollar epiphone limited edition electric guitar for his birthday just a few months ago, so when he told me he would like an acoustic guitar for christmas, i told him an expensive one was not in our budget.we went to the local music store and tried out several models but he kept coming back to this one. the sound was absolutely fabulous, much better than his current acoustic guitar that cost more than twice as much as this one.the store manager told us that for the price this guitar cannot be beat and that he bought one for his son as well. in my opinion, this was as good as other brands costing three times as much. i'm not sure how takamine is making these quality guitars for so little money, but if you're looking for a starter guitar, or just looking to add another guitar to your collection, this would make an excellent choice.i inspected the guitar we took home and found a few places where the finish was not quite as smooth as the rest of the guitar, but overall the quality and sound cannot be beat for this price.we also went with this cutaway version so my son can have easier access to the higher frets vs. thejasmine by takamine s35 acoustic guitar, natural. 5this stand easily folds, and holds my mandolin in a scratch-proof stance.  not good for smaller instruments, like the name may imply to some.  an attempt to hold a smaller ukulele miserably failed, but everything from tenor uke and up, did just fine! :) 5fits nice and provides good protection. 4i have been trying to find a good vibrato pedal for a long time. i have bought $150 pedals and $100 pedals and i got this one for $25 and it blows all the others out of the water. the only down side to this pedal is that you either need to run it off a 9volt or the behringer power supply. i couldn't get it to work properly with my pedalboard power or my pyle-pro ppdlp02 dc supply. the plastic case feels like it may break at anytime but aside from that i love this pedal more than a puppy playing a harp in the middle of a daisy field in michigan. 4not perfect but a solid stand. prone to tipping over if you just toss your guitar onto it the way i do. and the bottom part that holds the guitar isn't fixed so it's good and bad. good because it'll hand nearly and shape guitar at odd angles. bad because if you just toss your guitar onto it the way i do, sometimes it just swings around annoyingly. 4the device itself is difficult to read in bright light.my first one arrived not working at all.the second one arrived with a low battery. what? after three days the battery goes out.i would have returned it, but lost it because it doesn't adhere to the headstock very well. you've been warned. 1it fits almost anywhere and looks cool, holds all my drumstick and whatnot, i would recommend it to anyone that needs a place for there sticks 5i am upgrading my chinese fender strat with american hardware.  i own an american strat too and plan on making the best of the chinese one.  going to upgrade electronics and everything else too.these are exactly what's on my american strat5 stars 5it works beautifully. arrived on time as promised as expected it is durable and it is easy and accurate as well, is as described. 5i was at guitar center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased ibanez ew20asent acoustic guitar, which is virtually identical to theibanez ew20zwent exotic woods series zebrawood acoustic electric cutaway guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small... i've been playing electric for many years, but this was my first acoustic purchase. turns out i have the "dreadnought" variety, which is a bit larger. this fender bag received some great reviews, but i was apprehensive about having to return it if the dimensions weren't correct... i couldn't find any info on the web about the interior dimensions of this bag, so i took the leap... and i'm so glad i did! bag is not too snug, not too loose, and has a great array of zippered pockets and dual shoulder straps. great padding, yet still lightweight. and a great price! and it arrived a day early... sweet. ibanez ew20 body (not neck) dimensions: w 16", d 5", l 20". thank you amazon & fender! 5i play harp with some some that i perform. i found that all of these harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, i have g blues harp that i compared the g harp to and the notes were a little off. the c harp was terrible. that said the only thing i like about this order is the case. i going to see if i can return them for store credit. 1i love this little item.  i was reluctant sticking anything on my nice new fender but i love it.  no more hunting for picks anymore.  when i am through playing a just slide my pick back into the holder and it's always there when i pick up the guitar.placement is everything though so think it out before you just stick in on your guitar.  i placed mine where i'd never rub against it, between the amp cord inlet and a control knob.  make sure it isn't in the way of your strumming or any place your body will rub against it.i love this and have one coming for my acoustic too, only it is the wood grain version to match the wood on the guitar.oh, i use medium picks and fit 7 easily into the holder and wouldn't try to squeeze another on in, but that's why you have a gig bag anyway.  this is a must have item, in my opinion. 5for me this stand is very well built, not hard to assemble pretty much a no brainer and a great price. they don't touch the floor. there are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (fender, ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so i don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. it takes up very little space, the biggest plus! 5what a great little stand. i love using this thing when it comes time to polish my guitars or to change their strings. i also like the fact it folds up, taking up very little space when its stored away. the rubber pads are plentiful and molded to the plastic, so there's no need to worry about one coming loose and marring the finish of your guitar neck. 5very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  the plastic tension section just snapped off.  very disappointed! 3these are great strings and were my favorite until i found fender pure nickel strings.  some may like the sound of these some may like the pure nickel 5the fender 1 button footswitch is made specifically for the fender mustangs 1&2 it works exactly how i expected it to switches quickly and on point from effects though its only good for 2 effects (duh!) the right angled plug is annoying after awhile because its right next too where you plug your guitar in and oftens get tangled with my guitar cord making it look messy. other then that it gets the job done for when i practice & jam out with friends. 4don't panic, strings marked a/d/f#/b can be used just fine for g/c/e/a tuning... they don't seem to be quite as nice as the comparable aquilas, but they're half the price... they were for a $20 uke... (and yeah, new $4 strings do improve the sound on a $20 uke!). 4this a great chromatic clip on guitar tuner.  the letters are big so you don't have to strain your eyes to see the notes when you tune.  clips easily to your guitar and turns where you can see the letters when tuning. 5i bought this bag mostly for practice sessions here and there, or across town. it's a decent build quality, but i wouldn't feel comfortable assigning it to gig duty. it's got a fair amount of padding, and a nice storage array, but once again, i personally feel this bag is more suited for a 12 mile trip to practice or lessons. 4this is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for amateur musicians (like me), if you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself.  you have to listen to your mix by recording it, then listening while you're not playing/singing. 4yes, it's cheap plastic.  yes, the battery life is very short as this unit sucks the life out of a battery in a couple of hours.  yes, the battery is difficult to replace.  however, this is the best sounding cheap reverb pedal on the planet.  i solved the battery problem by using a 1-spot 8-outlet pedal power supply.  it doesn't sound nearly as cheap as its construction or price might suggest.  everything from simulated spring reverb to endless caverns is here, and it all sounds great.  it even has a "modulated" reverb, which is a reverb with a slight flange/chorus affecting the reverb signal only (not the dry signal) which is their version of the holy grail's "flerb" setting.  this is about 1/3 the cost of the holy grail, and the foot switch should hold up well under normal stage use (unless of course, you are an elephant).  for all the complaining i hear about this and other pedals with "cheap plastic cases", i have yet to hear about anyone actually breaking one while using it.  behringer pedals are hit and miss, but this one is certainly a hit. 4i bought this just to see if i might enjoy learning or if my shoulders (i'm gettin' old...lol)would allow me to hold the correct position long enough to practice.  i wouldn't say it's agreat instrument but way more than i expected for $60.  after i changed the strings,(i used the extra set that came with it) it actually produced decent sound.  i bought anew bow (for &#62;$100, so...) and found i like the one that came with it at least as much.the case is excellent...i'll prob use it with my upgrade.so for the price, you really get far more than you pay for.p.s.- the shoulder rest is kinda useless though. 4i purchased this pa after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me. i like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack. i was using the ion system it just got to be to much to carry around. i go around to different venues and sing. i just started in april after taking vocals for a year. i love it so much i've purchased this and my  own shure mic. b205d is a powerful speaker system. i love the crisp sound and now i can hear myself sing when i turn up the music. i needed something with eq on it as well. you really can't go wrong with this pa/monitor. i would have rated a 5 except when i turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss. i'm not sure if this is normal or not. you see i purchased an open box speaker. the outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the pa itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well. the sound is great.  i'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if i'm not comfortable with the hissing. hope this helps with your decision. 4i like dunlop products but... the push down applicators (dunlop's dab-o-matic applicator tops) are horrible idea. one popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. i will not buy these again or i will remove them and just use a cloth. 3this is a great bag, regardless of cost. the fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. (free shipping only makes it that much better.) unlike some other reviewers, i have not noticed any objectionable smell. i will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. the fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. (i would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick.) in addition to the main carry handle at the side, there is another in back, at the top, as well a pair of backpack-style straps, so finding a convenient means of carrying your guitar shouldn't be any kind of an issue. the two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. in my opinion, this bag could easily sell for twice the price and still be considered a bargain. as it is, it's very cheap insurance for my epi les paul ii. 5i'm the lead singer in a band and i use an app on my kindle fire as a teleprompter, this mount does a great job of keeping the lyrics right in my face. the mic stand has been knocked over a few times but the kindle fire and mount suffered no damage. the mount is easy to remove as well 5this tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner. 5good cable and has m et all of our needs.  as all of know who use cables, only time will tell whether they will last. 4i ordered them because they are carbon fiber, but love them because i don't loose picks anymore! i used to lose a pick every other day. bought six, still have six a week later. :)here's how i keep it: about midway over the fretboard, slide it between the e, b, and g strings (the three smallest strings) and slide it up towards the headstock. it has little gecko-like protrusions that grip the e string. stays in place and cannot slip out. wonderful! 5are hard to beat when it comes to durability. (except the steel ones).  i use it when i travel on a plane especially 4oh man, my guitars have a new home, love this stand, looks nice and works excellent, currently i have a strat style guitar a bass and a epi les paul hanging on this baby, but even with just one guitar it holds up just fine, no unsteadiness, no wiggling, big space saver, definitely a good pick, great for home use or on the road, it folds up nicely, great padding on heads and body supports, 10 out of 10 on this one. 5these cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.the large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as hosa. 2you need this to get the most out of your super-champ xd amp. the only way that i can see an improvement is to make the end pcs out of aluminum instead of plastic. no telling how long the switches will last? fender tends to make good products. price isnt too bad but this item should come with the amp imo. 4i was expecting to be taken to heaven with these headphones.they are not all that impressive compared to the beats on ear headphones.but the would do just perfect for recording vocals but when it comes listening to music i say go for dr.dre beats.if you want to know what the noise isolation feels like , just putting your hands on your ear. 4they costed twice as much as my usual d'addarios but after 2 weeks of use, i couldn't be any happier. i've heard only positive reviews about these elixir strings and now understand why. they are smooth as butter thanks to the coating and sound bright, clean, and crisp. they also make my guitar look much nicer and shinier. a great buy overall. 5this works with equal ease across all six strings, or only the bottom three.  haven't run across a need to try it on the top three by themselves yet. but judging by its performance on the bottom three, and its fierce grip, it'll do just fine. 5as capos go, this gets the job done at a good price. easy to use. doesn't seem to put undue pressure on the guitar. 5bought this cover to go with behringer mic.  it does what it's designed to do.  it was a little hard getting it onto the head of the mic, but at least that way i know it's not going to be falling off during a performance or a recording session.  economical way to keep spit out of mic 4bwarrrrngarooroorooroorooroororooro beoooooooooooghreaeaughneneeeneeeneeeneeeneeneeneneneee.meedlemeedlemeedlemeedleleelelelelemememememe wee weee weee weeeweeeweeeweeeeweeee.doooobleeedooobleeedoobleddoo dszchewieeeeenrarraaarraararrraararara derrroughroo roor orroo roo roo roo roo rooroo.juh juh juh juh juh juh juhj uh sqweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooorrrgh. du du .duh duh!hendrix, bro.this arm fit my mexican strat perfectly.  i then sold it to a beginner guitarist for a great price.  i firmly believe that this small investment of vibrato arm greatly increased my return.  the only problems is that i'm not sure i can afford to pay the capital gains tax for all the profit that i made on my guitar investment.  i might have to sell one of my lexuses.. lexi.. what the hell is the plural of lexus? 5this guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box.  i am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth.  i am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading.  this guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture.  so expect it to be a different color than what you order.  see customer pics.it comes with strings installed and almost tuned.  the volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use.  the tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming.  my only gripe is that the high e string gets caught on the top pickup when i'm playing hard, but maybe i'm just a novice.  i will say that it's very easy to play.everything on it is very adjustable which i also like.  the only buyer beware statement i can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it! 5this mixer has four mic inputs. it has some fun effects. this mixer comes with a 80hz filter and a 3-band equalizer on the mic channels. it has a fx-send that can be used as a mono output if you only need mono. i do not hear any external noise. it has a durable metalic case.  this mixer has great audio. 5in my opinion this is one of the finest pedals to exist. the crybaby is still on my pedalboard and will be for as long as i can foresee. 5this pedal sort of let me down a bit.i really cannot find a musical sounding adjustment,i can hear a small amount of octave when i adjust it but it is mostly a fuzz pedal with a mid range cut switch.if this was more of an octave pedal i would have been entirely more into the way it sounds.i kept it because to be honest it is very cheap.why bother sending it back? it is a very good paper weight and i have even used it as a hammer and pounded nails in with it.lets face it,if someone breaks into my house i can whack them on the head with it and knock them out.i just cannot get any octave sounds idk am i missing something? joyo i like your other pedal but this one makes me want to punch your entire company in the mouth. 3i used this strap for the first time during a rehearsal last night. i typically practice sitting down without a strap when i am alone, but stand up when rehearsing or performing with a band. i had previously used a very expensive 2" padded leather cradle type strap, which i really liked. i sold that banjo and the strap with it, but recently re-acquired another banjo and wanted a good strap, but was not willing to pay the $80 again for a premium padded leather strap. i saw all of the great reviews for this strap and the affordable price and took a chance. i am glad i did.this strap may not be as elegant as fine leather, but it is made extremely well and feels very durable and substantial in its construction. what blew me away is that my full tone ring banjo, which weighs about 14 pounds, literally felt half as heavy. it is no joke. at first, the feeling was unnerving, because the strap has some elastic give to it. you get this dual sensation of a) the banjo feeling super light and b) as if the banjo is going to sink to the floor. paradoxical i know, but that's where the magic of this strap is. it is almost as if the banjo is floating in front of you, but in reality it remains very stable when playing.like i said, the build quality is outstanding. my only critique of the design is that it is very modern and non-traditional, so you also have to get used to the contrast of a traditional instrument, like a 5-string bluegrass banjo and the newer style and design of this strap.this is not just a good strap for the money rather it is a great strap at any price point. i think i might try these on my electrics (though i already have literally hundreds of dollars invested in a stable of those high end padded leather straps). 4this is the first harmonica i ever used. i did some research and ended up with the special 20 in the key of c. i have no basis for comparison and i am a beginner but this instrument sounds awesome! the construction is perfect and the included case is very appreciated : ) for $25 i can't complain! 5this is a very versatile tuner!  i use it all the time to check my instruments, and keep things sounding good.  highly recommend this product. 5i have a very nice pedal board for my guitar rig, but not enough power for 13 pedals.  this totally solved the problem with no noise or power issues.  very smart idea and well thought out for anyone needing a one stop solution for dc distribution.  a+! 5not bad for the price they have it for. multi color and easy to use. durable pick, would recomened for you to buy it 5i have been using the exps for some time now on electic-acoustics and they have become my go-to string.  i find the coating to be less noticeable than on el***rs and tonal variations to be less from string to string and set-to-set.  highly recommended. 5its poorly made with attention to detail. i ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at amazon. but they will not screw down all the way and are losse. it is useless!!! other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine. 1i love these microphones, i really do. i also believe that it was really cool they threw in the microphone holders and the case is quite nice. the 2 things i did not like was 1, the microphone has to be really close to your mouth to get a good sound out of it, otherwise it does not sound as crisp. 2, although it was nice of them to include the microphone holders, the items they work with are very limited so make sure that they match up with a microphone stand you want to buy or else it won't screw in. it is good to be aware the wire that connects to this microphone is an xlr female, so buy the correct wire when connecting to an amp/speaker. for the price i really do recommend these, as long as your fine with having to put the microphone centered,and close to your mouth. overall a great product. 4i thought these would give me more volume and a better feel for stumming my uke.  i don't use them much at all, preferring palin hand strumming to what these deliver. 3so these are  pretty great strings. not much to say. the price is really good. about ten dollars a set which is really good. 4i find that if i play this pedal along with my boss super chorus pedal, my guitar with tex-mex pickups captures a lot gilmour's sound tonality. 5picked up this set of cords for a gig i had at a large hotel event.  there were 3 audio systems going at the same time running across the front of two stages.  we had 48 channels  running from the stages to the back where we had a splitter send the inputs into my board, the video mix board, and then the house mix board. i had returns a-e for my subwoofer, 3 monitor mixes and a stereo main mix.  i used a different color cable for each function. i had a second set for di boxes to the guitars, bass and keyboards.  all of the cables worked perfectly! the video mix guy asked me where i got the cables from so he could get a set for himself. these cords made it super easy to see where my bands stuff was plugged into so at the end of the night we made short work of the cable tear down.already had 2 sets, so i ordered one more set for my studio, so i can find connections that much easier!great set of cables! 5a long time planet waves user i trusted that the circuit breaker cable would be up to their usual high standards... imho it is not.the plugs are great but do not seem to have good cable grip. i like their old cables that had a long cable protector extending from the plug allowing the cable to flow gracefully from the guitar (and into the amp at the other end). the actual cable is horrible.... it is a hard plastic outer shell and does not lie or flex well like a good cable should (e.g. like my old planet waves cables do). they claim that the shielding is excellent but i find it to be mediocre. very disappointing purchase. 3i own several of these cables in various lengths and am very pleased with the quality and performance of them. i use this particular length cable for patching various pieces of audio gear in a rehearsal space or for plugging into a direct box on stage.the ends are solid when connected and the cable material itself is very 'slinky', i.e. not stiff or difficult to work with like some other cables tend to be.and a lifetime warranty on the cables is a great addition at this price. 5i ordered this as a spare and at this time, i haven't used it.  my microphone came with it's own cable and this was for a &#34;what if&#34; situation.  i gave it 4 stars on just expectation. 4the only complaint i have about this is that there's no clip on the back to hang it from so as to keep from knocking it over. this probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. other than that, it's a very nice machine with a flashing light and two &#34;click&#34; options. easy to use and quality built.  ~pegleg~ 4i had always wanted a phase shifter but i never wanted to pay alot of money for one because its not something i had to have but i just wanted one. the reason i bought this one was because it was cheap. i got it and hooked it up and wow this thing is kool. you can get some insane sounds out of it. i mean some are so insane i asked myself what could someone possibly use this with in a song. but it's great. it does what it is suppose to do and it is a sturdy stomp box. couldn't ask for more. 5great rack.  small enought to fit on top of a table or under it.  light weight but holds a lot.  at some point i had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors. 5i tried these strings on my zager guitar.  the are certainly ok and play fine.  they are nothing far and above the original strings provided thru zager.  just a little cheaper in cost perhaps.  maybe they will last longer.  i had some problem with my original strings as the high strings started to rust in the case due to the humidity i put in there for the guitar wood (i live in hot and very dry arizona).  these have not rusted, so far. 4i have the small version. but for the price of this version is more useful for a few dollars more. i used in all my concerts and its excellent! 100% recommended! 5not much you can say about these, they're knobs! they fit perfectly and are of high quality finish. they finish off my bass nicely as i like to have the numerals there for reference. 5for a ten spot, ya can't do better. matte flat black finish is nice.great durable foam contact points for cradling baby.double dog dare ya to do better.you just cannot. excellent deal !! 5im a man on the move and am constantly away from home. i take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings.  great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides. 4this is not my first guitar. nor am i breathless epiphone supporter shouting how this guitar is the sonic equal of taylors and martins. it's not. here's what it is: an exceedingly well-constucted, amazingly playable guitar. fit, finish, feel and action were all very nice... sound on the other hand? let's face it. it's plywood all around. it sounds like plywood. but that doesn't distract from the fact that it's a great guitar for $100 bucks.it's a fine &#34;first&#34; guitar. it's a great beach/camping/cabin guitar. leave it in your car to practice at lunch. leave it in the office. any guitar is better than no guitar... and this guitar is better than a lot of other entry level guitars.seriously consider changing strings the second you take it out of the box... new, premium strings do make a difference.if your expectations are for a playable, rugged, affordable guitar you won't be disappointed. if sound quality is your primary concern, well... you are going to have to spend more than a hundred bucks to be happy.for my desired application, this guitar was great... i'm very happy with it and would buy it again in a heartbeat. 4i realized i didn't have any distortion pedals, only a bunch of overdrive pedals, so i set out to find a distortion pedal.  after scouring the forums i find out the pedals that are supposed to be very good are also very pricey.  since i don't want to spend a bunch of money i get this one and it is great, albeit quite bright.  the only thing i don't like about this pedal is the brightness, which can be tamed with the tone knob, otherwise it is easy to use, sounds really good and is transparent. transparent in that it doesn't add a lot of color to your amp just distortion.  i use this pedal with vintage fender silverface amps, which are already bright, so i turn the tone more to the bass side and also shape my tone with the spark booster that i have in front of the us dream. i have to use the spark booster to hit the us dream hard because most of the guitars i use don't have hot enough pickups.the price was right, i'm happy with it. 4it cuts the string and winds the pegs much easier than one could do by hand. it is very solid and will last a long time. 5i replaced the tremolo bridge assembly in my indiana guitar, and what a difference!!!  the original equipment spring  tension was so stiff that the tremolo didn't even work.  now it sounds great! 5this string winder is adequate but not really solid. it gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. i had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. this is just adequate for my use. 3while the product is everything it said it would be.  i was just hoping it would be thicker as it feels so thin. it does whats is supposed to so i cant fault it in that way it. just was not what i was hoping for. 3they all work and none of them have given any trouble. my pedal arrangement stays loose and the whole thing gets moved and jerked around (a lot). i would have liked them to be a little bigger in diameter but for the price they work great. no regrets, rock on! 4good strings 5works like its supposed to. no complaints at all for the price. i will be buying more in the future. 5these fender locking tuners are the best for stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change. 5first off, let's get the dimensions out of the way; for some reason, finding these basic dimensions on a lot of guitars and cases is close to impossible; just try to find the dimensions of the dr-212 on the epiphone web site.length: 43",  bout length: 19-7/8",  lower bout thickness: 4-3/4",  lower bout width: 15-1/2"so now you can look for a gig bag with the full knowlage of what size guitar you are trying to squeeze into it.the only thing that is out of the norm with these dimensions, is the 43" length (most bags are 39"-41").you can always opt for the epiphone hard case: edread, or world tour rwg20d, or gba100 (the bag i got).now that the hard part is out of the way (finding a case), on to the review.as my title says, the guitar reminds me of my samick st92 which is a very well made 3/4 spruce top acoustic which is also made in indonesia.i have played guitar for over 40 years, so i  have a collection of over 100 guitars, and 11 of them are acoustics, but this is the first12 string, and i bought it just to have it around for songs like hotel california, etc., and was not willing to drop a lot of money on a guitar i would rarely use.i am very impressed with the build quality of this guitar for the under $170.00 asking price. it tuned up with no problems, even though the tuning process is arduous compared to a six string, and it takes about three tunings to get the strings stretched out. you constantly think you will pull the bridge out due to all that string pressure. the bridge plate on these 12 strings must be huge!i found that when tuning, you should up stroke the small strings so that you don't hit the large one right next to it.i have no fret buzz, finger rash, or problem areas with the fretboard on my guitar, and the strings sit low which i like.the nut is a bit sharp on the edges, but a file or sanding will take care of that.the strings are not that bad, and will do until the first change out.i have seen a wide range of reviews on this guitar, from terrible to fantastic, but the one i have is the later. 5look just like schaler branded parts without the schaler brand name stamped on them - there is a little fender logo on the bottom - real cool.these strap locks are the greatest - they work perfectly every time and will survive years of on the road abuse. i have carried an extra set with me in my case in the event that i broke one - but this has never happened.touring, bar bands, garage bands or bedroom heroes all need these strap locks on every guitar and strap they own. and since the guitar isn't hanging by the hole in the strap the strap lasts years longer. 5bought this for my kona k2 acoustic, it fits and holds well on the guitar with the leather ends. its adjustable with a pick pocket, simple, good quality, would by another. 4yes, i think you should try these.  if you're looking at them, then get them.  they are thin and flexible so i purchased them to develop my pick skills as i was a finger type guy w/o any pick experience.  i don't drop these and get a feel for where the sting is located w/o looking. 5it stopped working after 2 gigs. i'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. i guess you get what you pay for here. 1i think tortex / delrin picks are the standard that others are judged by.durable, good to gripping surface, easy to identify thicknesses by color.the only way i can think of to improve these would be to replace the black ink logo and script with some sort of raised embossing.then your fingers will not smudge and the grip would be even better.take a look at "cactus picks" to get an idea of what i mean. 5it looks nicer than pictured, seems solid and well-constructed, but most important of all it sounds fantastic! i've only had this amp now for roughly a day, but stayed up a good part of last night playing. i couldn't stop. this morning i opened the outside doors and cranked it all the way up to about half volume. (scared the cat and made the dog wonder what the heck that new thing is making all the noise.) beyond the halfway setting, it would've hurt my ears. yes, it's that loud! absolutely more than enough amp for your practice and small-event purposes. so far, i've only played through the amber pre-sets and only experimented some with the modulations knob. i like the bluesy, tube-effect modelings the most and don't know that i'll see much need to go looking to create a lot of custom settings. but it's nice to know this amp can deliver, either with or without the additional fuse software, such an incredibly diverse array of sounds should the need ever arise. thanks, fender! 5i'm a professional musician, playing 6-8 times a month.  this pedal does far more than i need it to do and has plenty of options for an avid guitarist that likes to figure out all the bells and whistles.  i really like the 38 second looping function.....that's plenty of time to get through some lengthy phrases, and it allow you to layer the loops so you can really get creative.  don't forget to order the external power supply - i would have happily paid a little extra money to have it included....not sure why it's not.  double a batteries last a longer time than i expected they would.  i haven't had a chance to play with customizing patches, etc, but i'm sure that i'll be pleased with what it has to offer. 5i love these picks.  they last a long, long time and are surprisingly easy to grip.  currently my go to picks 5you'll see much controversy about this device if you read the line 6 forum. my own opinion about this is "i love it". i play the guitar privately (not live in public) and i have no complaints at all. i still use it all the time and learn something new everyday. 5very good guitar strap!  thick nylon webbing material well sewn and the leather ends not only look sharp, they hold really well on your guitar studs.the tan color goes with with my natural finished guitar.i would recommend this strap to all! 5arrived promptly.  nicely packaged.  holding my instruments securely.  i'll likely order more, and would recommend these to anyone shopping for wall mounts. 4i needed a cheap good quality mic, and this fit the bill. bighter than the sm58 it mimics which is fine for me because my speakers stink. i bought 2 and they were both of the same consistent quality. there is no on/off switch, so expect that you'll shut it off at the mixer. 4i've almost exclusively used earnie balls and d'addarios since i was a kid,and have always been satisfied. i've taken advantage of amazon deals on both strings lately. the d'addarios are excellent strings, and this price on the 10-pack was unbeaten,anywhere. 5i must have had over 20 tuners in the last few decades, and the snark is by far my favorite.  i change out altered capos every few songs, so i have to tweak the tuning many times each gig, and this has made it much easier, even in noisy clubs with poor lighting. 5i was hesitant to pick up an overdrive or delay from joyo but took a chance on the eq.  i really like this pedal and it does exactly what it should.  i use it mostly as a boost with a slight shaping of the eq but it can be used to get a scooped sound, mids boost, hi/lowpass or whatever you need.  it's a quiet pedal and claims to have true bypass.  when the pedal is engaged the 6 lights for each band come on and they seem sturdy enough.i would just subtract a star because it seems a little strangely designed.  not the performance side of the pedal as far as i can tell, but for example, the "n" on the "in" label on the right is backwards, and it comes in a weird box with plenty of engrish so i'm skeptical as to how it will hold up to being stomped on.  time will tell, but for now it seems like a great box for the money. 4this is the first guitar i've bought without playing it first, so i was apprehensive. but it's a fine guitar. it's plain to look at - no decoration or embellishments, but the sound is rich and full, as if it were at least ten years old. i like the nut width and the action is perfect for my playing. the tuners are geared low, which allows precise tuning. it came with savarez strings - not the best i've used, but good. and i was pleasantly surprised with the gig bag. it's strong and durable, and well designed. all in all, i doubt i could have found a better quality product for such a low price. 5the winder works well for me, and the cutter is good to have connected to the tool (so i don't have to search out a pair of snips), but a spring loaded cutter would be less awkward.  also, the bridge pin puller is kinda flimsy, and doesn't work well for reluctant pins.  i actually like my dunlop winder better; this tool is longer so it comes off of the pegs a little more, but i guess that's the compromise of having a working cutter, so i won't be throwing away my other winder any time soon. 4nicely made and a good value but it seems to be a bit stiff right now.it is a single strip of leather with no padding.maybe it just needs to be broken in.compliments the color on my lake placid blue strat well.for the record, this strap is actually quite long - even in the second strap hole.i am about 5'9" and a trim 155 lbs.at the shortest setting i can manage, the strap is too long to keep the heastock up effectively when i am sitting.update 2011-jul-31: the strap is still rather stiff.i will probably pick up a white cotton strap.those fit well and can be resized a lot more efficiently, in my opinion. 4these are really cheap strings but how they sound!! really good!! obviously not for serious live performing but for playing with friends or just rehearse, these are the ones! 5this works perfect with the quick release system i also purchased. i mostly purchased this so my buddies can play my guitars without adjusting my favorite strap. it also has a pick holder that comes in handy when you need an spare, or want to put it away without loosing it. 4highest quality guitar i've ever seen in this price range. it looks, feels, and sounds amazing!! a+ i bought two 5this strap was great i was glad to find this well made wide strap. this bass strap spreads the weight more even and reduces the shoulder and back pain,he loves it. just the job. 5this is a nice leather strap, not thick, but very functional and nice looking.  i found it a bit uncomfortable with a heavyweight electric guitar, but should work just fine with an acoustic. 4if your electric guitar is noisy and crackly then you need this tape to shield it, even with humbuckers my guitar was picking up noise, interference , i installed this copper tape and the only sound comin from my guitar is sweet sweet music, no more hum, noise, crackling etc. overall this was an excellent buy 5great ukulele! very light which is nice. intonation is spot on looks beautiful too.a perfect soprano ukulele for a beginner or an experienced player looking for a nicelooking affordable ukulele! 5i have this hooked up to 4 pedals so far and it's awesome. real cost saver on batteries. you really cant go wrong for the price. 5there's another brand out there that is almost identical in construction and quality and costs less.  don't buy the high rated chrome capped one's, i had problems with those.  this one is good just that i regret paying so much for it. 4this is what all distortion pedals are judged by.  adds thick creamy distortion, enhances harmonics, and maintains great attack and definition.  sounds awesome.  true bypass. 5bought two for a shockingly low price that i couldn't beat anywhere- even at double the price. quality cable, sturdy  user serviceable connectors, well constructed, and 6 months of daily use with no issues. what more can you ask for? 5i love the performances and sound production quality of celebration day! the band's on fire and jason bonham did a incredible job. a must buy for the zep fan i can highly recommend this.to rehearse that long for this one show it's a shame they could not consider another world tour or at least a few more concerts. with jason doing so well it was possible i could easily imagine ny, sf, rio, paris, rom, tokyo etc 5i needed a cable to go from my mic to the floor, just to plug in a delay effect (our pa doesn't have an effects loop).this is just what the doctor ordered.i just toss it in my gig bag with my vocal effects pedal and run the regular xlr from the pedal to the pa and i'm in business.[...] 5i use this stand to hold my yamaha electric guitar.it works perfectly.super stable and doesnt take up much space.for the price i don't think it can be beat. 5it's an ok product for the price but they are weak and with a very small amount of force they will pop off. 3i wanted this for overall practice however the only &#34;clear and good&#34; sound will be the satriani effect.if that is exactly what youre looking for get it for sure! it does work i loved the delay hoped it could be adjusted, it can't.still use it for practice and wont change it. its just hard to get a clean sound out of it. 3this is a good looking strap. much lighter and thinner then any strap that i have had. it has to be half the weight of others but that makes it very comfortable.looks great on my blond tele.the price is right as well.i like it 4i can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast 2when my case arrived i feared it was too small to hold my epiphone dot. but, this case fits my dot like a glove. the case is sturdy enough to protect my guitar from knocks and dings while the plush inside pampers the guitar's finish. the accessory compartment is large enough to hold my picks, tuner, and extra strings. 5i put these on a parker.  great that they have uniform tension.  took a bit to get used to, but they are very playable.  vlues, rock, country.  nice strings. 4i needed a few extra cables this year for a few live sound events. for the price point i was worried about buying "cheap cables". this are a great value for your buck. the only thing i didn't like about these... the cable ties suck! haha... if you need some quality "cheap" cable, these are for you! 5a little small for my taste, very thin, but works well and dunlop products have always peased me as a professional musician. 3i've come to the point where anytime i buy a new guitar cable it is a planet waves. they are good quality, decently priced, and i don't have to worry about them shorting out on me. definite buy. 5i had an issue with my new squire guitar, and fender hooked me up with a set of these.  the string ends have a cylindrical or bullet shaped end, rather then the typical small loop.  the theory is that the larger bullet end makes better contact in the tremolo cavity.  i say they sound great and are worth trying.  i just order 3-packs so i can have some on hand. 5cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. gls brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. both have tweed jackets however the hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the gls cable does. i would recommend the gls product over the hosa product. 2does what it says with no whining whatsoever, really quiet producing absolutely no audible hum. very small footprint, too! would i recommend it? yes. i would. 5first things first. if you have one or many expensive guitars buy these. they keep you guitar safe from falling. to take it off all you do is hold down a button in the side and your strap and the lock with pop off. it's very handy. very very easy to install and protects. be warned they are bigger than they look but to do what they do so well they must be big. 5i use the chair for guitar, bass, keyboards,ukulele and even cooking breakfast. lightweight, slightly awkward, but provides good back support.as a right-handed player i practice, both classical and jazz style, with the guitar on my left knee. for the position i use in this chair it is necessary to use the on stage fs7850b guitar foot rest. i do this to keep my thumb in the center of guitar neck. i can report that i have been very comfortable for long practice sessions.as for the four out of five star review, the price does seem steep when you look at what you get for $85. but it's a nice design and thank you to the designer. i would recommend it to those who can afford it.as for durability..... we shall see. i have had it for three months now and it is still fine.  i use it daily. 4these are great guitar straps at a very reasonable price!! i bought 2 to try them out, and i intend on buying more!! 5stumbled upon this while looking for another pedal. i read the reviews and decided to give it a chance; how could i lose at this price? i put it in my cart and continued shopping.guess what...the reviewers weren't lying (except that one guy who gave it a 2..what a bs review)!it arrived today, and i decided to give it a quick workout. i grabbed a small amp (fender frontman 15) and plugged in my strat (with a seymour duncan hotrail at the bridge) and gave it a go. the 'quick workout' turned into an hour long jam session as i got caught up in what this pedal can do. it turned my little solid state amp into a fire breather! with the mic at off x, middle set at hot, and california and 3/4 gain...this thing just screams for solos and is very heavy for rhythm. i spent a good deal of time with this setting just blazing away.the tweed and brit settings were great too, as i tweaked a multitude of tones from this beast. i've had behringer pedals before and even though they were decent (vintage delay, slow motion, compressor, eq), i didn't get excited about them. in fact, i sold the delay and slow mo recently. this pedal however, is going to get some serious use. i'm not crazy about the plastic casing, but it seems sturdy enough. i can't recommend this pedal enough...the reviews were right! you won't be sorry. 5hohner marine band, hohner special 20 and lee oskar major diatonic harps fit well in this case. hohner's big river harp does not fit properly in the case - it is longer than the others, and doesn't snug in.  i'll either return the case or order two lee oskars to replace my two big river models. or, i can just deal with the fact that they don't fit quite properly, but probably "good enough". decisions, decisions.haven't played the toy harps yet, first things first. i bought the case for the case, not for the included harps. 4bought this to tune my hammered dulcimer. the clip is a bit larger than i expected, but it just fits on to the bridges under the strings. if i had paid more attention to the picture on the site i would have known how large the clip is in relation to the 1/4" plug.it does it's job, picking up vibrations from the instrument rather than noise from the room. works well while other things are going on around you. it seems to track 'truer' with this clip than with the internal microphone, meaning it doesn't bob up and down as much. if that holds true for other instruments, i may start using this clip on everything.i saw one review mention that the clip they received was not labeled korg. the one i got is labeled, both on the package and on the clip. 4we've all had guitar cleaning cloths and most do a good job. when i see the word microfiber i always think of those cloths that stick to your fingers when you are using them uck.this cloth is different it does not have the same feel as most microfiber cloths and it wipes away finger prints and anything else on your guitar body like nothing i've tried before. with no cleaning solutions needed it magically shines the surface without scratching it.this would be great for any instrument or anything else you want to polish without having to use solutions.reasonably priced too. 5i am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems i was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since i got this strap adjusted i no longer have to hold the neck so i can concentrate on the notes, i like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so i can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play. 5use it every time i restring my guitar, works really good. i recommend this to any musician that plays regulary. 5standard great quality from planet waves/d'addario but these certainly can change price very frequently throughout the year.  i think it almost doubled in price a week after i ordered... not sure why. 5these are nice,and this was easily the best price around. these are made in japan, and i believe they're made for fender by gotoh, so they're good quality. but i was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the "standard,vintage-sized" .340" holes in my all-parts neck ( they're a little large).so be aware of that. 3i bought a pedal board and needed power and wires.  bought this kit.  it is just super.  the 'one spot' provides the power needed, the wiring is just right for the pedals i've installed.  this is a great set,....all you'll need to get your pedal train wired and running. 5i gave it 4 stars because it is well made and it does the job it is designed to do. but i personally do not like how it looks of it when installed. but that is only a personal opinion. you may see it differently. don't use my opinion on how it looks to influence your purchase. it does what it was made to do. i purchased it to add an extension to a short guitar strap. 4i can't say i'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well.  it shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks.  i'm not very diligent in my guitar maintenance, so this bottle should last me for years. 5made of quality material. i do not need anything fancy,because i am a simle person! it does a first class job on my vintage electric guitar! 5cable would be o.k. if the end connections would stay screwed together. maybe some lock tight would help. these connectors worry me. 3we have an old acoustic around the house, but i rarely play it, opting instead for the electric. this is going to be hard to believe, but the strings on the acoustic were last changed more than two decades ago.when we put these new strings on the guitar (lotus), the sound, as you might imagine, was incredible--bright and clear.these are fairly pricey, but i am very impressed with the quality. 5this quality bag would probably cost more like $35+ at your local music store. appears well made, has good padding and several pockets for strings, picks, cable, whatever. taking one star off for the slightly bothersome smell (also mentioned by other reviewers). not terrible, but somehow chemical. hope it goes away soon. 4i hope there had been a closer picture of the product.i was a little surprised when i got it because it doesn't look as great as i imagined.the white lightning is stamped on the black strap, the same goes for the gibson name on the end of it.maybe it will get better looking in the long run. 4a year ago, i wrote a lengthy comparison of theedirol r-09 wave/mp3 recorder, blackand thezoom h4 handy recorder + 2gb accessory kit(pre-accessory kit).  i wanted a high quality, easy to use recorder, so even though the h4 had all of the features of the edirol and sold for considerably less, i kept the edirol because it was so much easier to use.zoom has responded with the h2, a scaled down version of the h4 with all of the features of the r-09 and all of the controls right where you need them.  the h2 even has additional features over the r-09, but they don't get in the way.  for example, there's a choice of a 90 degree recording pattern, a 120 degree recording pattern, and even a surround sound option. samsontech has some nice video demonstrations on its website.one big complaint i've had with the edirol is the cost of its add-on stand.  unlike the edirol, the h2 comes with a simple stand.  in addition, the h2 has a threaded hole so that it can be mounted on a standard digital camera tripod!  on a separate note, it's much easier to replace batteries with the h2 than the edirol.recently, i got together with friends and recorded the same live acoustic music on both the edirol r-09 and the zoom h2.  i used adobe audition only to normalize both tracks (that is, equalize their loudness).  the first time we played them back, i thought i detected a very slight preference for the edirol, with the overall opinion of the group split between the two units.  the second time we played them back, my preference was for the h2, with overall opinion continuing to be split.  we all agreed that the differences were so small as to be negligible if there were any at all.i do prefer the edirol's control buttons to the h2's membrane and i'm not about to sell the edirol, perhaps because i am more familiar with the edirol and don't want to give it up just yet. also, the edirol r-09 is the darling of the moment.  however, if i owned neither, i couldn't justify the huge bump in price of the edirol over the h2 and would opt for the h2. when i went to a music party last weekend and knew i'd need only one recorder, i grabbed the h2. 5it arrived on time, i have an epiphone hummingbird acoustic guitar, so i needed a pickup for do some recording,it works well but it's not very loud. this thing should sound louder, next time, i'll buy a duncan pickup. 3my axesepiphone lp studio deluxe plustopfender maraudertakamine g320squier standard stratsquier standard pj bassbeen playing 20 years.i had a squier bullet and it was a cheap guitar i didn't care about that i could keep next to the couch to play rocksmith with. but it got old and i wore the frets out so i needed a new cheap guitar for rocksmith. i picked up the lp special 2 in black at guitar center for $130 and they kicked in free strings.bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.my lp studio had it's pickups replaced with the zakk wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. considering this thing is almost the same prices a bullet squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. you literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the special 2.....sound: 5/5two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.the pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.the pickups are high output and feel like alnico more than ceramic. not sure which they have.so much sustain for a bolt on neck. i was shocked.build quality 4/5i did have 1 problem with the high e tuner. i didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4" up out of the headstock. when i discovered this i loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.intonation required no adjustment.action was exactly the way i like itneck was straight with no fret buzz or excessive bow.the finish was perfect. no nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. damn good for a bolt on.hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.back bending headstock and 3x3 orientation mean no string trees which makes tuning much more stable.the bridge is similar to my lp studio with the tunamatic setup. individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, ie can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but i soon got used to it. no pickguard and it doesn't need one. lots of relief between strings and body. you won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. makes it easy to clean too!truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.frets were smooth, rounded, and played nice. could use a little buffing for silky smooth but not rough.neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. i would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.500k pots and side body 1/4 trplug keeps the cable out of the way.overall 5/5came with hex keys for setupcame with an awsome poster with all the epiphone guitar modelscame with a nice bumper stickerno manualbody was packed in foam shroud with foam blocks, about the same as any other $150 guitar.summary: this guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument i own. it sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. it's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. the frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical affinity or bullet (2 squiers in this price range).i would say this guitar is suitable for all styles of music. i did blues, metal, country, and pop. the pickups are humbuckers which means they are darker and higher output than a fender, not as much of those nice fender bell like tones and chime but it makes up for it with power and clarity.one thing i like about epiphones and gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. this makes it very easy to palm mute and play with high gain. i lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my strats the damn volume knob is in the way.as an experiment i took the pick up pole scews out of the bottom pickup to see if i could get a single coil sound out of it. what happened was a mess because of the parafin wax which got everywhere. the tone was a little brighter and output a little lower, still no hum but you wouldn't fool anyone into thinking it was a single coil. i ended up putting the screws back in.i will likely put my lp studio stock pickups back in (hell yeah coil tapping here i come!) and move my emg 81/85's in this lp special 2 and make myself a nice little metal guitar.do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. it's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years. 5spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth.  shines nice and doesn't leave it feeling oily/sticky.  smells nice and makes your guitar looking new! 5when you're looking into a quality cable you wouldn't expect to find such quality for this price range. the construction is solid, well insulated cording, and having done some test recording with it i will definitely be purchasing more of these as the studio expands.while there may be more expensive cables out there i feel that for the price you are getting something of a higher quality than you would expect. didn't notice any defects and no static/noise-bleed despite being around lots of other audio equipment, monitors, etc. even touring or in a mobile studio application i wouldn't be worried about this cable failing or noise bleed.only regret is not picking up a few more at this price, but i'm sure to order more for future expansion.not worried at all about using this cable as part of my signal chain and was relieved to have it shipped out and arrive in a timely manner.quality product, quality vendor. 5i bought this when i was doing sound for a party where we had acoustic musicians that wanted to be mic'd.  it really came in handy to mic a guitar and a mandolin..  i will be buying more of these! 5i purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. i would have returned it but i completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed). 1the title says it all.  there is literally no better deal on the net for the quality you receive!  i've been using my cables very happily for 2 months now with no problems!  if you're looking for some good trs cables....look no further!! 5great sound over the original strings.  i did find these strings a little difficult to install because of the size.  they will draw blood if your not careful so watch it while replacing the small strings.  the g and the d were fine. 5rugged, good looking, efficient...sorta like me. have several tuners of different names and quality. but this seiko is certainly the quickest. the rubber housing is an excellent idea. would buy another. 5i bought the hell babe 10 years ago, it was my first wah pedal and it has been on my pedal board ever since, the same one. i have never had a major problem with it, the boost knob fell off a couple years ago but it was plastic and i did kick it a lot over the years so no big deal. its no crybaby and im glad, it has its own sound that i have tried to get out of my vintage crybaby but couldn't no matter how much i tweaked it. i actually run both my crybaby and my hell babe on my pedal board and i find myself using the hell babe way more, especially since it has the auto off and spring back. it really makes my solos rip. buy it, you will have a ball. my only complaint is that the spring is loud and audible when playing acoustic gigs but acoustic guitar sucks so whatever..... 4the velcro itself is insanely amazing. its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. if you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. in the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. i cannot think of a practical application for this velcro. 1like other reviewer wrote previously, i received less picks than advertised (i received a total of 7 picks). i don't know if the people at customs "borrowed" some from me, but i find very strange that more than one person is having the same problem. other than that, the picks are good, seem to be durable and produce a nice sound. 3i read the reviews on ernie ball strings. i have to say that i love the strings. they have a rich sound that brings my acoustic alive. 5for any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.i didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.that being said, it is good for practice and song writing. used this for more than a year and finally sold it! that's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out. 2this is a terrific value for anyone who wants something like the shure sm58 but doesn't want to lay out $100. i bought it myself as a kind of experiment. i'm learning blues harp. i wanted to try out mikes that could be used for a combination of vocals and harmonic playing. for this reason, the mike had to be one that i could cup in my hands but also mount on a stand. while my astatic jt-30 has the great shape and crunchy sound that harp players love, i can't (easily) mount it on a stand and use it for vocals.the spherical receiver makes the xm8500 pretty easy to cup in my hands. the torpedo body mounts easily on my onstage boom mike stand. and the low-impedance output feeds nicely into my guitar amps with no need for preamping or impedance-matching (and no resulting noise or signal loss).the mike isn't perfect, but its low cost and generally excellent construction more than make up for the slight deficiencies. here are a couple of more casual notes:1. the mike in the picture looked bluish to me. what i actually received was a mike with a very nice black finish.2. the product description seems to report a weight of 8.5 ounces. i measured this mike at 10.3 ounces. that gives it a substantial feel although the mike is still a bit lighter than similar dynamic mikes that i've used.3. the mike has 500 ohms impedance and a frequency response up to 16,000 hz. bluesmen prefer a cut-off at 10,000 to give a midrange boost, but tweaking can compensate for the extended range on this mike.4. the mike doesn't have an on-off switch, perhaps its  only real deficiency. these switches really are very handy.5. in actual use, the mike dosn't seem very susceptible to pops, and there is no hiss.6. the mike comes with a pretty substantial hard-shell carrying case with a molded foam interior that is more than enough protection. i find a smaller zippered case to be more convenient for pacing this mike in a suitcase, but if you are toting a fair amount of equipment around, or storing this at home, then the oversized case should work well.i hope this helps. 5i wasn't expecting much from this pedal but it has been a pleasant surprise. i use it to zero in the tone of my alvarez acoustic for live shows. the pedal is quiet and solidly built. the price is great too. 5perfect for my epiphone sheraton ii.  monster cables are well constructed.  i have several and never had any problems with any of them over the years.  got this one because i wanted the 90 degree plug. 5i've used this stand for about two years now and it held up great. it does what it's supposed to do and for the price it's one of the best  thank you  and guess what  in  amazone  you can find it much cheaper than music store 5i have used these strings since they first came out. d'addario make the best strings out there. i am sure there are others who do a good job, but you can actually hear the difference. it doesn't really matter which you buy - they all sound different - as in better!! 5i had previously owned it digitech jam man, i also try the boss.after seeing demos of this item on youtube i decided  i'll give it a try, i can always return it if i didn't like it.the unit is extremely small but don't let that fool you. this unit is a high-quality all metal construction it has simple easy operation and it works flawlessly. you get up to five minutes to record a loop for loops and you can get an infinite number of overdubs. let's be serious how many people really loop for over five minutes?the unit is transparent when turned off i would highly recommend this looper it's well worth the money. 5it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor.  i don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced.  it will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place. 2however i have found that there are much better prices out there if you just do some basic searching.  usually i do. my bad. 4i had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck .. 3works as described.  for the price i have no complaints at all. clamps firmly and easily, doesn't move or slide around on either of my electric and acoustic. 4this cable is awesome thick cord really high quality jacks highly recommend this better then any plastic coated cable i don't have problems with it tangling like i saw on one review 5simple and nails a lot of the sounds for a working musician.  three big ones are the jet sound, choral/flange and leslie speaker! 5this tuner is amazing, even more so considering the price. it's chromatic, so it will tune anything! i tune electric and acoustic guitars, bass, ukulele and mandolin with it! i've bought three for gifts... it's great.sooooo, everything i said initially is still true... it's a fantastic little tuner... but i've broken two of them. (where the clip attaches to the tuner - as in a multitude of other reviews...)this tuner *is* amazing... but fragile! 3this makes winding strings much faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have 3i ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? i ordered it "new," and it definitely shows signs that it not new. first, the package was stapled, that's right- stapled together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. when i order something new, i expect it to be new. based on this product alone, i would not recommend buying from this seller. 2when i look down at my dirty scuffed up old pedal board and see these patch cables, so bright and festive, i just feel beautiful all over again. 4the strap is very reliable, the pick pocket is a nice touch, but if playing for extended periods of times, you might want to go with something more comfortable. 4simple enough, right? works as advertised. a great simple idea that i'm glad someone put into production. for my taste, the loop is too long where it wraps around at the headstock/nut area, so i just tied it up snug. i had been using the martin leather strap holder where your strap hooks onto a plastic button, and this is far more secure because straps sometimes work their way off of the button on the martin holder. however, folks with brand new shiny expensive guitars might want to take note: while the nylon lace that wraps around is nice and strong, it is fairly rough and abrasive, and my experience is that it will very definitely wear at the finish of your git in that area. won't rub the finish off or anything to that degree, but if you're freaky squeaky clean about maintaining cosmetic perfection on your guitar (which i am not), you will definitely notice the finish rubbed and dulled and even chipped a bit there at points of contact. i can think of a million simple solutions to that, but that's another story. overall, great little item. 4i bought this because i had a gig in a dark bar.  i used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly.  for some songs i have three sheet of paper (which overlapped about an inch) and the light covered all three pages easily with no dark spots.  i can't imagine in what situation i would ever need to use the brighter setting. i was thinking of getting the cheaper/smaller version, but didn't want to risk it not covering three pages. the gig bag is a square and softly padded. there is a lot of dead space in the bag and no support in those empty areas or the corners so i don't expect much protection for the light or adapter.  treat the light like it has no bag and you'll be fine.  they include 3 batteries (i didn't see them until i pulled out the adapter for this review) to get you started using the light, but the adapter works well and has a very long cord so if you are using the adapter at a gig you shouldn't have to worry about it making it to your power supply. 4great product. great price. buy it.as a pro musician my entire teenage and adult life, i say, "ya, good capo" 5this is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget.  it works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected. 5this stand is made of quality products.  it cradles my guitar perfectly and is angled just right.  this is our second one as we both have guitars. worth every penny. 5perfect cable for using with my small behringer 4 channel amp to plug into my mic slot on my small mixer. high quality and great sound. 5we all have different tastes in guitar picks, i know,  as i wrote elsewhere, the dunlop tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion.  these ultex are much better.  not as noisy, better feel.  still not my favorites.  i'll have them with me for spares. 3like many modern capos, this has an unwieldy look to it that i don't like, but once i get past that, this is a top-notch capo that is as good as it gets for capos. i play several very different stringed instruments (guitar, mandolin, octave mandolin, tenor banjo and irish bouzouki), and i like having a capo that i can use on all of them. this is ideally suited for guitar, but holds its own on all the other instruments. i particularly like that there's nothing hanging out under the bottom to get in the way. i can play right up to the capo without my left hand hitting anything on the underside of the neck.i really like that fact that it's adjustable, and this feature comes in really handy when moving it from guitar to the tenor banjo or mandolin. i also really like themeideal mcapo10 bronze guitar / banjo / mandolin capoas my 'all purpose' capo, and i own several of these because they're inexpensive and just a great product. but this is definitely my new guitar capo, and will replace the meideal in my case. great product, solidly built, and it's a bonus that you can add the micro tuner to the bottom of it.the construction appears to be very solid, and the finish is a flat black baked-on paint (or so it appears). might be some sort of powder-coating as well. the top bar of the capo is covered with hard black rubber, and the spring seems very strong with great tension. as noted, it will accept a d'addario micro tuner on the bottom, and includes the bracket for mounting it. 5i own both the h1 and h4n and i love them both. the h4n is a great versatile field recorder. i mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. the h4n is a work horse. it has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. i highly recommend purchasing a "furry head" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.unlike the h1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the h4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. however, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. i had this happen once. if this happens to you, don't worry. i searched the internet and was able to find several zoom certified service centers within my general area. i called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the h4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; i didn't pay a dime. i had it shipped off and back in 7 days.all in all the h4n is a great field recorder. i mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two xlr inputs at the same time. in some cases i also use a small 4 channel behringer field mixer if i have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. running straight from the mixer outputs to the h4n works perfectly.i do suggest some accessories when using the h4n. as i said earlier, purchase a "furry head" wind screen. i use the furry head wind screens every time i record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. i only use 32gb sandisk sd cards because sandisk is dependable, i have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. i record at 48k @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. this allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case i forget to transfer the audio files along with video when i edit. i also suggest having a di box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. i have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a di box from venue mixers. this has to do with a balance and padding that i am just not going to get into but trust me, a di box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. i also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. always be prepared. i use rechargeable duracell aa batteries and i have never had any issues. battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.i do not regret this purchase at all. the h4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. i highly recommend purchasing one. 5i have had to use these because the stage was so wide you could not use anything shorter. most stages in bars, clubs and restaurants are small enough to use 25' mic cables and reach the stage box of the snake, but not all. these gls audio cables have been transparent and sturdy for the 2 months that i have been using them on an almost daily basis. i have performed many setups and tear down with these cables and there is no indication of any problem coming up any time soon. 5great price. i would recommend it to anyone needing patch cables for their peddle board. very flexable and pretty good quality 4i wanted a delay pedal but i'm not playing for big money so i had to watch the $$$ i spent. i read the reviews on the lower dollar pedals and decided on the rogue. i haven't had much time to really play with it, but trying it out has been fun and i expect it will do the job for me! 5it does the job.  easy to get on and off.  seems to be sturdy and well built. best of all the price! 5the one spot is a great way to supply power to all your stomp boxes without a bulky power supply or a bunch of wall warts.  get it, you won't be sorry. 5the cloth that comes with the product is a high quality polishing cloth but some idiot thought it was best to package it stuck to the bottle with a glue button that leaves glue stuck to the cloth. this glue is only removable after a expensive bath using goo gone or similar glue dissolving solution, then washing with warm soapy water by hand and rinsing thoroughly in clear clean running water until all soap is removed, then hanging the cloth up to air dry, preferably outdoors in the sunshine if you have that available. the cloth is so nice it is worth the time-consuming and correct method of cleaning, but is not why you buy a product that is supposed to clean and polish in the first place. somebody better redesign the packaging for this product as the gibson cleaner polish is first-rate and puts a high lustrous shine on the guitar surface which comes out bright, dry and hard almost like having used a high quality paste wax but without residue. very good stuff, very irresponsible packaging for the convenience of the factory i assume but without forethought to the customer's needs. 5i like this for getting rid of all those extra adaptors you have to have a special power strip for, and it works well for most of my ibanez, mxr and boss pedals that have an outside adaptor socket.  it doesn't seem to work so well with my vox wah, my old mxr distortion plus and my fulltone pedals. i'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my dist+, and i get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the dist+.  i get a slightly louder hum from the fulltone pedals when they're on, but my newer boss/ibanez/mxr pedals have no issues at all.  the one spot is not a regulated power supply (if it was, they'd say so), so maybe that's the culprit; not sure. 3as with any daddario or planet waves product, it's always great quality and has great tone. i've used almost every brand of stings out there, but i always come back to daddario. 5i'd read a lot about the one spot power system.  i needed 220v power overseas and so i ordered this.  it is truly a very nice product and amazingly quiet.  i currently have some high end power bricks on my two larger pedal boards...i may swamp them out fo this one.  highly recommend it. 5this is as light as you want to go on a lp scale length.. about the same tension as 9s on a strat.so, don't want 9s, and 10s too tight then 9.5s it is.. nice strings 5it is a hardshell case, about what i expected, decent low end hardshell but serviceable. i wouldn't check in with an airline, i can lean on the top and push it in. for a little extra protection over a gig bag yes, don't put an amp on top of it in a van though. 4very nice guitar slide. the glass is nice, slides very well on my electric and acoustic, and it fits like a mitten. 5awesome quality strings! love em! just re-strung my 12 string. it was a hassle but i got it done nicely. 5if you're a musician, there are those things that you gotta have on a regular basis and for guitar, strings are one of those things. i give these 4 stars rather than 5 just because i know there are better strings out there. however, these ones are great. i like the sound they provide and the price is nice. 4great for linking close-quarter effect pedals. no noise and very durable. great product for the price. i would recommend buying. 5these work better than anything else i ever used to muffle drums and get out all those annoying overtones while recording, think this product came from outer space because man could not make a product so great that is so cheap that works so well. 5these are perfect. hard to beat strings. they last, keep in tune, and keep their tone. they don't need any string cleaners either. so you can save money on that. an obvious noticeable difference between the medium gauge and the light is that these medium gauge are not recommended if you like to finger-pick a lot.  but boy.... are they bright! enough to blow the spruce tops from pine trees! 4aquila strings will never let you down. highly recommended by all serious ukulele players. italian made, need i say more. 5i bought this on a whim. i was pretty satisfied with the extra heavy picks i was using, but wanted something with more grip. these picks have a logo and the company name molded in, which gives purchase to you pickin fingers to hold on to the pick. this seems to be a perfect thickness for some of my guitars that have silk and steel strings. with the xtra heavy picks i was losing what little treble these strings had. with this little purple wonder i got my treble back and still had great control for playing fast or playing hard.i like them so much i bought another hundred just in case the purple pick monster eats all my other picks.its a great pick, its delrin or whatever(delflex) generic name they give it to avoid trademark issues, but its the best plastic for picks in my book. the tone is superb and the ease of holding is wonderful. i keep a couple of these in all my guitar cases.i recommend these if you enjoy playing guitar or just enjoy owning things that are purple colored. they don't taste like grapes however. 5ive been using this item for about 3 weeks now, and i love it. i have a homemade pedalboard, the one spot combo is good for it cause its kept me from having to mount a power supply on the board. i power 7 pedals and absolutely no noise distortion comes from the pedals with this hooked up, if anything it sounds better than a battery, for sure. 5extreamly easy to use, you can tune any instrumet witn this.  the display is bright and clear, easy to see in the dark.  you can tune by sound with the microphone or by vibration; the clip is excellent to hold it to the instrument.  the price couldn't be better, i just can't believe how come people purchase a lot more expensive tuners when this excellent product exists. 5quite a few people are complaining about the buzz caused/induced by this.  i'm not getting any.  i use an old arion stage tuner, a digitech bad monkey and cm-2 tube overdrive, a dunlap wah from the 90s, and a boss ns-2 noise suppressor.  i run it all into a fender deville 410, which additionally runs into an acoustic b115 neo bass cab for extra mmmph.at first i thought it was the noise suppressor.  but even when it's off, i'm getting absolutely no buzz from my effects.for the price this is amazing.  to be able to have all of my effects powered with one plug is a godsend.  the cables are very long, maybe too long, if that's possible.  if you're even thinking about buying this, just buy it already!!!! 5there was nothing wrong with my original neckplate, but i was replacing the rest of the hardwear and pick this up just to add just a little something extra.  it was a direct replacement for the original. 5this is a great guitar once you change the strings, as suggested. great portability for the price.however - having read reviews across multiple sites, i too am a victim of the horrible glue smell that so many others have complained about. i really liked the guitar, so i purhcased it from two separate retailers, but had to return both due to the horrific smell. i even tried contacting the manufacturer to send a "smell-free" case... and they sent a case. but it stunk too. it's a shame, i had to return them, because they were nice little guitars. 3this is definitely a sturdy and well made stand - i have no fault with it about that. solid materials, everything snaps and latches tightly. good materials. works just like it's supposed to.i have two complaints about it, though.1. the part that holds the music isn't as wide as other stands. i probably could have read the description and realized that, but i made the assumption that all stands are the same size. it's just wide enough to hold two regular sized pieces of paper. it will hold bigger things, of course, but the edges will go past the edge of the stand. so it works, but to me, it looks unprofessional to have the stuff leaking over the edges. the ledge is nice and wide, though, so it can hold some pretty thick stuff. but if you are using quite wide materials, especially if they are loose-leaf, you will want to look for a wider stand.2. adjusting the height and tilt is difficult. to alter the height, one has to twist and untwist the tightening ring (like one finds on microphone stands). it doesn't just pull up or push down like the majority of music stands i've encountered in life. adjusting the tilt requires untightening and tightening a wing nut on the back, which is a bit difficult to reach. unlike every other music stand i've used that one can simply force into position. the good news of this is, though, that because everything is held in place with wingnuts or that tightening ring, everything stays right where one puts it. no slow sliding down in height, no slow tilting backwards.on the plus side, they are sturdy, and the feet can be retracted (is that the word?) so that they are parallel to the stand, making moving them around or stacking them up quite easy. i love the fact that the feet do this.these are excellent music stands. 4used this foot pedal for a and so far i've had know problems. replaced the battery only once. good product for a inexpensive foot pedal. 4this guitar tuner is simply amazing!!! i feel like i should have paid at least 50 bucks for this thing, but $13 is practically a freaking steal! the display is so nice, the quality is amazon, and this thing is beyond accurate! never using another tuner again in my life. snark forever! 5look no further this is the best booster with an internal eq, what else can you ask for? go for it, if you need a versatile small booster, it comes with a 9v battery 5this is a great guitar cable its very long and does not get tangles up no matter how hard you try i recommend it to anybody who wants a good cable. 5this strap works well, looks good, and is comfortable to wear. the choice of colors and durable material are two strengths. price was good for a useful accessory. 5this is a pretty cool product. i have mine next to my computer, because i am constantly waiting on video to render, and i am constantly picking up my guitar and putting it back down; this is nice to have instead of reaching all the way to the guitar stand. it is also good to have when i am using garage band, and need to set the guitar down for a second. if you have a plastic chair sheet on the floor or slick vinyl flooring it won't work, the guitar wobbles and falls out; but it works great on carpet. the pick bucket is a nice touch, keeps picks from scattering all over my desk. the rubber is very grippy to my wood desk, and never moves. i would recommend this. 4not bla bla bla, this joyo pedals are the best, any you get. that's it! thank u joyo im your number 1 customer. 5after lots of researching i finally decided to buy this zoom pedal, so far it has worked great, has all the features mentioned, lots of great options, also a great guitar tuner. for those doubting, you actually can just plug your headphones in the output jack and practice without an amp, which was an amazing bonus for me since i've yet to buy my amp. 5 starts, totally recommend it for a begginers guitar effects pedal! 5love, love, love this pick holder!  this is the second pick holder like this, that i have purchased (for different family members). 5i love the snark tuners but don't know that i'd call it super tight or faster than the older sn-2. i feel the display is an improvement - easy on the eyes. hopefully, more reliable than sn-2. i've had pixels dropping out on one sn-2 that is less than a year old but have another one that is doing fine. too soon to tell if the sn-8 will hang in there.i don't see it as a faster device than the older model and have had coupling problems with it clamped to an sg. don't know why as it works fine with acoustics and strat. response time on the sg is longer than the older sn-2 model but, i haven't yet tried to understand what's going on with it. have't tried it on bass yet but, i know that the sn-2 didn't play well with the e string open. no big deal, i just tune it at 12th fret. could choose any note since it's chromatic. speaking of which, playing along with a song that was pitch shifted is easier with the snark. tune any string to match the song and then, tune the other strings with the same displayed error.bottom line is that it's a great tuner and it's not likely that i'll get much use out of the old korg tuner that once balanced on my knee. 4once you install a full dunlop strap lock on a guitar and strap, that strap becomes unusable on any guitar that isn't equipped with dunlop buttons.  since i only use about 3 straps but have more than 3 guitars, it didn't make much sense to buy full strap locks.  my only concern when i ordered these buttons was that they might not be exactly like the dunlops and not securely keep the guitar and strap connected.these buttons look and act exactly like the ones that come with a full set of strap locks.  after testing a set, i have now purchased buttons for most of my guitars.  the side benefit is that they are fully functional when used with a guitar strap that is not equipped with the dunlop locks. 5easy to use and accurate. only issue in tuning drop d or b on a 5 - string bass... it takes longer to find the sweet spot to tune it. it tends to fall off quickly on low notes. microphone works well for acoustic guitars. 5i have been using these simple windscreens for years and they always perform great .. escpecially for the money .. i would recommend this to anyone. 5i was a little nervous for some reason when i started watching this (i saw it in the theatre).  i was afraid i might be in for another live aid let down or something like that.  i had heard the epic reviews and the internet buzz when the actual event happened...but had no idea if this would be as good as all that.  never fear, you need to see this film.  the guys prove that the hype was legit.  i was so stoked when they launched in to some of my faves like "for your life" even if the performances of "dazed and confused" and "stairway" seemed a little pedestrian.  but hey, it's lz doing stairway which is better than 99% of the music on the planet so who cares if it was an obligatory performance?  the show seems to get better as it goes along, and by the time "kashmir" comes on i had tears in my eyes.  no joke.  this show is riveting.  i bought the blu-ray so i could continue to experience the awesomeness of this show, which really defies description.  i am not sure if non-lz fans can appreciate how incredible this show is, or what the band accomplished in doing this.  they took it seriously and rehearsed for 7 weeks for this one event.  jason bonham did a good job of honoring his father and staying true to the original material and live nuances developed over multiple tours in the 70's.  if you love lz you probably already have this set, if you have a passing interest only you will witness a one-night-only reunion that blows away any of the other weak attempts by older bands of this era.  it's pretty awesome. 5will be getting the amp in a day or two. at the sale price of $119 this can't be beat. my research on this device said that to make the really good little solid state/tube hybrid even more awesome is to replace the jj 12ax7 with a mullard blackburn vintage 12ax7 (from the 1960's). it can cost around $30-50 a piece for a nos (new old stock) but will sweeten the sound without adding or subtracting noticeable gain. in the end the micro terror should sound just like real tube amps costing many hundreds more.1st updatetook delivery and hooked it right up to my marschall 412 into the 16 ohm jack. volume at about8 o'clock and gain at about 3 o'clock. man, what a great sound. very tubey! typical british growl at higher gain settings. loud. plenty loud for your bedroom/office/whatever. turning it up a bit should be more than enough for a gig at a bar. just be sure to use a good quality speaker cable, like the gls. will be updating when i get the vintage 12ax7 tube replacement. so far i am very impressed. honestly, with a sound this good, why buy a th30 for 5 times the price. measured how loud this thing is. at about 3 feet in front of my marshall 1960 lead 4x12 with gain at max and volume at a bit less than 8 o'clock i got around 84 decibels playing strong but not super strong chords. this is too loud for most apt. buildings for sure so better plug in the headphones.2nd updatetried out several compatible tubes...ie 12ay7 12at7 and the mullard 12ax7. each will have a subtle or more obvious effect, sound is such a subjective thing you really have to try this out for yourself.  i personally found the mullard to be the best. really nice tube sound, typical orange, sounds as good as most amps costing several times as much. 5finally decided in getting the 1.00mm picks because i don't like them too thin or too thick, this was the perfect gauge i was looking and hoping for. the logo will wear out in a few uses but i don't much about that. been using it on a daily basis to practice and so far it's not wearing out too fast. recommended! 5i had just bought an electric acoustic and while i was ordering that i just went ahead and picked one of these up as well because i figured what the heck it's under $20 and maybe my full size acoustic might work well with it. so i got it and th only thing i had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. i recommend it for those who are looking for a simple solution to making their acoustic, electric so that they can play it through their amp. 4it may be a challenge to assemble it.i personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how i am wired.i am not 'good' at putting things together without help.good product after you get it assembled.james :) 3a very boring, dull, uninspiring pedal. don't waste your time with this. a boss sd-1 or digitech bad monkey are far better options for this price range. 2does what i wanted it to do and what they said it would do. works well with my stuff. recommend 5they feel very nice with a soft touch finish on them. fair priced and i love the color of the green ones. i like the .88 mm because its just the right mix of medium and hard; great for someone looking to play blues or rock. cheap and easy to use, can't beat these picks! 5i use these at parties and they work good for the price i paid. i really have no complaints aside from sometimes you really have to get up on it to get a good clear voice in a live band setting. i use a wireless for that now, still for the price, these are hard to beat. 4i does the job that i wanted it for. just to keep picks in my guitar case. it's okay but it could be better. 3this liitle box works great for my needs. i am using three guitars on stage (when possible/room permitting.)and use this mixer to combine all three into one output to my amp. this way i can leave all three guitars plugged in and not have to take time between songs changing cords and such. it also solves a second problem: since the pick ups on each guitar have a different outputs (fender single coils, ibanez acoustic with fishman piezo and les paul gibson humbuckers), i now have volume controls that make the overall volumes match. this is perfect for that. inexpensive unit that is made of brushed aluminum and is quiet and adds a little boost to the signal that i velcro to my small pedal board..i'm glad someone else mentioned the a/c plug on theirs being european standard and not 110 volt us standard. don't be surprised if it happens to you. i bought one and had the same experience. i got mine from musicians friend. they offered to have me return it but i chose to keep it since i had a 12 volt power supply available from an older unit i long since stopped using. no stars deducted since it was not the manufacturers fault that my supplier didn't check their inventory to make sure it was us standard. 5with a nice clean, crisp sound, inexpensive price, and durable history, i've made these strings apart of my acoustic set. i've got at least 6 spares at home right now. xd 5nice solid no frills guitar strap. i used this on my stupid heavy agile guitar and it helped a lot. 5if you find yourself in need of a desk mount for your microphone, this one works well. it is heavy enough to keep the microphone from tipping over, and the black anodized stem gives a subtle appearance on the desk. having the microphone always plugged in, accessible on the desk and ready to go means i save much setup time for my voice-over work. 5it's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. we use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. for the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what i've experienced.it's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.if you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price). 3i am totally satisfied with the stand.  i had some misgivings after reading some negative reviews on amazon but this stand serves me well.  the misgivings i had was with the extra weight i intended to place on it with my tablet stand equipment and the samsung tablet.  however, i am very happy to report that it handles the extra weight very well and does topple over even when the boom is extended with the mic and space needed for the tablet and guitar playing.  i easily reommend this item. 5i bought this usa fender product to replace an imported piece of junk. imports often have threads other than 1/4 inch sae. it fit perfectly on the jack socket threads. quick install, works like a dream. 5cheaply made and thin leather leave a lot to be desired. at least it's long enough for even the lowest slung of guitar postures. this should accomadate a bass as well due to the extra length.i am comparing it to $10 guitar center straps which have double leather ends which are much sturdier than the ones on this ernie ball strap, which are thin and single ply. i wouldn't trust this strap without a strap lock. 3i use these strings on my practice guitar because the smaller strings are easier on my fingers. i can play all day without my fingers hurting and they still sound good. 5works for a cheap bridge on my cheap stratocaster knock-off. needed one that was better than the bridge that came with it, and this was a cheap, but not cheaply built option. 5its just a basick thin leather strap, my only problem with it is it could be longer my bass sits to high with this strap set at its longest setting 4i purchased this tuner for my 9 year old who is beginning guitar and it is 100% accurate and very easy to use.  his guitar instructor also commented on how accurate and simple to use.  i strongly suggest this to anyone looking for a tuner.  he connects it to his electric guitar with out amplification and gets a tune and can be connected to the amp.  if you are a beginner or seasoned player i know you will like an appreciate the tuner.  a must to keep in your bag especially for beginners, a guitar out of tune is very difficult to learn on. 5great bag, well padded the shoulder strap is nice! perfect! and very good price!what you would come to expect from lanikai! 5i received these tascam headphones as part of the amazon vine review program.  i was excited to receive them, as i've looked at them many times and considered ordering due to the reasonable price point and 'professional grade' designation.i'm not an audiophile, nor am i snob about audio devices.  any brand that works well at the right price, i'll buy it.  that being said, i've recently been fortunate enough to get to try out lots of headphones, with thebose ae2w bluetooth headphones - blackbeing the most recent.obviously the bose beat the tascam ones, so it would be unfair to compare them other than to say that 'sound wise' you can really tell a difference in the mid and high range.  these tascam th-2000-r 'professional grade' headphones don't sound clear to me in the mid and high ranges.  bass is great, but even when tweaking the equalizer settings i never could find the clarity i was seeking in the full range.i listened to several genres: classical, blues, pop, rock, electronic, country, and latino with these headphones.  each time, the quality was good, but not great despite attempted software and device adjustments on my iphone, pc andyamaha rx-v675 7.2 channel network 3d av receiver with airplay (black).the fit of the headphones is big for me.  usually, they are too small.  having them as small as i could make them (top of my head to ears), the cups still dropped down a bit lower than i liked. i had to hold them in place to get a solid fit.  the padding underneath the headpiece is minimal, and after about 15 minutes of use the top of my head hurt.the build quality of these phones appears to be excellent. the cord is thick and can be extended to an estimated 6'.  the screw on adapter: 1/8(3.5mm) to 1/4(6.3mm) allows for use with multiple devices, stereo components and sound boards.  the foldable design does allow for some size reduction, but not much.these headphones will appeal to those who like heavy bass.  great for those who want the chunky headset look, are on the go djing, and/or have larger heads.they are not for those looking for a wide range and subtlety in their listening.  they're also not for those with smaller heads. 3this device is ok. it is light weight and folds nicely, but it is not especially stable. convenient storage is its biggest plus. 3while i have heard that these devices can be great for recording concerts and have heard some great recordings to back that claim up my review will be focusing on my main use which is podcasting.  after using the zoom h4n for a few weeks i've found it to be a very versatile tool that should be in any podcaster's arsenal of gear.i mainly use the h4n to record my podcasts using a allen & heath zed14 mixing board.  i usually do a two person podcast where i am in one location and the other person is brought in via skype.  using the aux sends of the board and the 4 track mode of the h4n i can record myself in one channel, the other person in another channel and all of the sound effects and music supplied by my ipad into its own stereo channel.  this makes editing a breeze as everything is on its own track.the sound quality of the h4n is excellent and it is very easy to hook up external microphones to the unit.  you can hook up either two xlr microphones or two 1/4&#34; jack sources (or a combination) to the bottom of the unit and there is one 1/8&#34; input on the back of the unit that will accept a stereo microphone or any line level stereo source.  it's the combination of these that lets me record the podcast onto the 4 separate tracks.the h4n will also let you record using two attached microphones and the internal microphones at the same time as well, which could be useful if you're looking to capture some background noise if you are recording something on location or say to mix the crowd reaction to a soundboard feed.overall this is a great device for podcasters both in the studio and out in the field, letting you produce high quality recordings in both environments.  five stars without a doubt. 5i was looking for a financially good deal. the price was so reasonable, i said, "how can something this cheap be that good",..well they were a great investment. i use them all the time and have had people ask me where i purchased such a great sounding cadiod microphone. when i told them the price, they thought i was pulling there leg,..i wasn't. the case is plastic, foam and clips. three good clips would cost you ten dollars alone, now compare for yourself. i'd buy these again in a heart beat. i just might buy another 3-pack!! 4very well made of heavy metal framework.  has a very solid base.  the neoprene sleeve is thick and soft enough to protect your guitar.  the top neck clasp keeps the guitar from tipping forward and the quick release really works.  probably the best stand. 5...but it works fine for me.i used to connect a orange micro terror head amporange amplifiers micro terror mt20 20w hybrid guitar amp head (standard)to a cabinet ppc108orange ppc108 1x8" speaker cabinet 4i dont know what all the hype is over this thing.  the idea is good and its cute.  its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out.  how many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it.  go buy a 20 watt roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also.  or any combo little amp.  it's for bedroom use only.  you have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire.  being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you.  just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot. 2if you haven't used this stuff, and if you plan to play 'squeak-less' guitar, take the risk. buy some.  you'll wonder how you ever played without it.  you might even become the next joe satriani! 5other than being a little cheaply built it works great. i like the fold up into a small package idea. room for a stand in the vehicle can be a problem for most of these types of stands. i can put this over the shoulder, carry my guitar and gigbag in one trip. 5this is a solid little usb interface.  there are no frills, and there's no latency.  i have used this for @ 4 years without any problems, and it's very portable.  i run this between my small, 8 channel mixer and my laptop for recording guitar, and it's well worth the price to have one of these around.  can also be used with tape players to import audio into your computer; i use this for more than just guitar recording. 5nice cables for the price. nice to have a good name on them, and very useful for my band's mixer rack setup. 5this mic is perfect it gets the job done sounds clear has settings on it clamps on your lap top 4i honestly was not impressed. it looked cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! another chinese copy of a tubescreamer, 2these are good. i dont see that they are any better than other basic strings in their price range.  they all work well.  length of being brillant is somewhat limits, but it appears to be in most of these level of strings. 3i have gone through a lot of stands and this one for the money is great. as a matter of fact, i ordered 2 more. get this one and have no regrets........ 5not very substantial. it began to tear on my guitar strings. i was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses. 2sure it's a few bucks more than the standard crybaby, but totally worth it. built like a tank, but make sure to apply a little bit of white lithium grease to the gear pieces once a year or so to keep things smooth and reduce wear on the inner workings. 4i use this to record my band and other songs into garage band. plugged right in, no drivers to install, computer recognized it immediately. i am missing out on a lot of this thing's capabilities by using it only in garageband, but for what i need it for, it's perfect. i use it to make drum beats and to add tambourine and other percussion instruments for our tracks. i researched a ton before i bought this one. touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. i could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine. 5needed a 6ft cable for home recording at my desk, all the other long ones would have made a mess under my feet, good thing there was this shorty. nice cord, sturdy build, good sound. electrons go through it and don't leak out so it's perfect i guess. 5no way this thing cost lest than $40.  i needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so i gave the joyo pedals a try and i am pleasently surprised.  this compares very closely to my high end od pedals i own...in a metal case???? bonus.  i'm super happy with my joyo pedals. 5sorry, but i'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. it's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. and despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. i used with planet waves restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again. 3the string are easy to play and sound great. there is a reason they are used by so many professionals. 5i'm only running two pedals, so i'm not sure how far you can push this, but it's working fine for my setup. 5if you love delay and want variety, this is your pedal.  i run two amps when i play (often) and the ping pong is delightful for me.  however, in the studio, this pedal shines as well providing a variety of incredible delay options.  being toneprint enabled is a 100% plus.  very clean, quiet, and durable.  excellence! 5they are some of the best drum sticks i've played. they lasted me about two weeks before i had to move on to another before. 5i absolutely love the feel of these guitar picks! they are so grippy, i haven't broken a single one yet, they stand out from all of the other junk in my studio, so it's hard to loose them, but i still do. if you have like a child, nephew, niece, sibling, or parent that plays guitar or bass you can't go wrong with getting these for them, or if you are a guitarist just playing the cheap little fender picks that break if you strum a chord, and if you are lucky enough not to break them, they just slip out of your hands while you're playing. they are a little thin for rhythm playing however, and i recommend the .88 mm picks for that. 4i ordered this for my husband, the musician.  he said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel.  he would definitely purchase this product again. 5i have played, listened to, and used audio amps for over 4 decades, and while i haven't owned every name brand amp on the planet, i do know my way around them well enough to spot a good deal when i see one. this is a nice little practice amp for electrified acoustic guitar, with an input for a mic (xlr - no phantom power) and a cd player or other audio source. it also has a headphone output (1/4 inch). it has three tone controls and separate volume for the guitar and mic inputs.i got this originally for my mother, who used to sing in an andrews sisters-type group back in the day. she still loves to sing, and wanted a small amp and mic to practice and do the occasional small jam. she hasn't had the opportunity to do that yet, but i have tested the amp and put it through its paces. i think it will work fine for the kind of thing she has in mind. the lack of reverb or processing for the mic is a bit of a drawback, but considering what i paid for it, i can't complain.now, this is not a gigging amp, at least not in my opinion (your mileage may vary). it is small, solid state, with an 8 inch speaker, and 15 watts of power (i haven't measured the exact output, so i'm taking behringer's word on that). i like behringer, and they can turn out some pretty good gear, within its limits.i like the sound of the amp with my carvin acoustic guitar with a fishman preamp. it is an inexpensive practice amp, so i don't expect the same kind of quality i would from a more serious combo amp. the 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. the question is, does this amp provide the sonic quality and flexibility needed to allow serious practice work, composition, or just moderate entertainment value? for me, that answer is a clear "yes."however, this is an inexpensive practice amp, and if you approach it with that attitude, i think you will find it a nice little amp. don't plan on using it for your next tour with manhattan transfer, seal, or celine dion. 4i built a cbg recently and decided to go with these strings as suggested on several websites. the sound i get from the ad&g strings sound great wit the piezo pickup and a tube amp. the strings seem to hold up well. i cannot comment on how well they hold a tune because anyone who knows cigar box guitars knows that keeping them in tone with parts like round head bolts for a nut and an eye bolt for a bridge can be an uphill battle. these strings sound great, i was thinking of stringing my electric acoustic guitar with them also to compare the two styles of playing. 5i like purchasing the 3 pack because i have multiple guitars and these were replacement strings.  you can't beat the price.  i have started purchasing a lot of my guitar supplies this way. 5perfect to try different sizes and shapes!! great quality. buy it if you don't know which size or shape will work best for you. 5i usually just use my fingers to strum my tenor uke, but there are songs where a pick is more appropriate. i used to have an old felt pick made back in the 1940s, but it disintegrated over time and the newer felt picks i've found just don't feel the same.i bought a set of soft, medium and hard wedgie picks to try out and i'm really happy with the results. i greatly prefer the soft wedgie on the uke, i like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard wedgie's really nice for my jazz bass. i still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the wedgie's are fantastic for when i need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments.i'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me. 5i bought this to replace my son's previous guitar that had broken from hard use. from initial unboxing it is clear that this has been made to a much better standard. the wood looks beautiful. all the metal parts look sturdy and durable.it sounds good, although as my son is a beginner i cannot judge just how good.note that there is no guitar cable.for now i am very happy with this purchase as it looks better made than i expected. 5i chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth. 3these are a direct drop in replacement on fender standard (mim) stratocasters, fender american standard, fender american deluxe.i have replaced my tuners of this style with fenders locking version that looks just like these but has a thumbwheel on the back.unfortunately, the locking ones are difficult to get in a gold finish. (but you can get them, ultimately.)i ordered a set of these non-locking ones - the finish is nice and is the deep dark gold that matches fender's /schaller's gold hardware. (not all gold hardware is the same color gold). the quality is good and they look and function well. however, i returned them because they are not locking...i ultimately decided a locking tuner was more important for the guitar i was building.if you just want gold tuners, don't care about the string locking feature, and are playing a fender strat or tele - you can't beat these. by comparison to a lot of the gold tuners, the price of these on amazon is quite reasonable too. 4i've got three of these simply because they work and they're easy to carry from place to place...and i insist on a stand for my guitar, none of this &#34;leaning' stuff. 5my kid is happy with this strap for his guitar. he did have to widen the hole a bit in order to fit the strap over the peg on the bottom of his guitar, but ever since he got it on he's been very pleased. he especially likes the colors. 5it does the job to do my home made music demos, nothing professional though. im happy with it after all and recommend but not for professional purposes. 5i got this after seeing many of my church friends using them.  i got this one so i could use it to tune my guitars a ukulele and a violin.  it does all of them well.  i'm going to buy a couple more as gifts. 5this is a fine product. any guitar player has hands strong enough  to use it. looks great on the guitar and works really well. recomended. 5i use this for my acoustic primarily, but sometimes for my electric guitar.  it is accurate and easy to use. 5i got these about five months ago and they still have not broken on me. that is a record. the tones are warm and welcoming, not as sharp as with other strings. it is the sound that i like though. 5bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. doesn't fit perfect. kinda bummed but oh well 1works well but honestly there are better tuners for less money. but all in all works well. good display and very easy to use. 4i got this for my wireless mics but they don't fit in this holder. i got the wrong size holder. other then that it is a good holder 5others that reviewed this item i read before purchase, noted it is not &#34;large&#34; and the picks have to be warmed and shaped to fit your thumb. i also found in original &#34;large&#34; size, the curve of the pick will cut into your thumb from improper shaping and being too small for the average american man. i am still in the process of shaping all 5, but otherwise they appear sturdy and i haven't broken more than one of similar type in several years. i expect the pick to wear down from use. they appear to be about the same quality as indigo brand, but not shaped as well for the average player. 3i don't think i can say enough good things about the samson sp01 shockmount.  long story short i was trying to get a podcast going from scratch about three months ago.  i did some research and discovered that a shockmount is necessary to keep any noise from anything securing the mic from being picked up by the mic while recording.  a shockmount is an absolute must, especially when looking at using a tabletop mic stand where the table will also be used as a work surface.the build quality is fantastic.  i just recently purchased my third shockmount for an additional mic to be used on the podcast.what i've grown to appreciate so much is that it seems to fit just about any condenser microphone i can get my hands on.  if you are considering buying this for your own condenser mic, make absolutely sure that your mic has threads on the bottom to be screwed into some type of stand or shockmount.  nearly all do, but some companies like blue (snowball, snowflake, etc.) are designed not to be used in conjunction with shock mounts. i have used the mxl 007.usb with this shockmount as well as the at2020 usb and xlr version.  the mxl fit like a glove, perfect.  the at2020, once threaded in, seemed just a bit loose, so i added a couple foam bumpers around the base to act as a washer.  it made a tight fit and further insulated it from any sound interference from any movement.in short, i haven't found a better shockmount for condenser mics.  the attachment screws onto any desktop tripod and traditional mic stand.  fantastic.  buy two of these!!  :)  thanks samson, now just make better mics! 5this is a very stable, comfortable seat.  the legs are easily removable for storage. love that it is rated for higher weights so i don't have to worry about it collapsing. 5i wanted to wait till i got another phono preamp before i wrote this review. i did get this from amazontc 754 black phono preamplifier switchablei really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. but right away i noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. the next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. i am using a vintage garrard turntable. the rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. they are tight but do not make good contact and i need to mess with them. this problem is gone with the new preamp. overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. if you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. it does sound ok other than being a little bright. it does do what is supposed to do. 3i don't use the other features, but as a tuner, this product is spot on.  filters out noise well when using the mic.  only two things to gripe with - 1.  the leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. and 2. it's not great for gig use as the screen isn't that readable.as a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent! 5if you hate fuzzy distortion then you will love this pedal i had a boss ds 1 and metal zone mt 2 and did not like them much because they're so fizzy they are ok but this pedal sonically sounds so much better to me. it does plexi tones very well on lower gain settings and full on marshall crunch on higher settings if that is what you're looking for then this is for you. it offers rugged construction and true bypass. the only problem i have had is that unity gain is at around 9 o clock this pedal is hot and has lots of head room props to joyo for this mi crunch box clone. 5i'm using it for my alesis q49 midi keyboard.  folds up easy so i can tuck it away.  it may not work with a keyboard smaller than 49 keys.  as you lower it the support spreads out wide.  good quality.  adjustable height and for the dept of the keyboard. 5it sure is a pretty looking cable out of the box. the chord works great, no noticeable buzz. i had to have the tweed, to complement my vintage gear. i'd have given this a 5 star rating, but because of the tweed/fabric outer, the chord is constantly fighting you with kinks. 4i've had string winders for years, but never a multifunction one like this. i recently bought it for my niece, and taught her how to change her strings.the different size gaps make it 'grab' the tuning pegs much better than my old one. i was able to use it on an electric, steel string acoustic, and classical, and it grabbed them all rather well. the string cutter works well, and the peg puller does also. so handy! 5i had one of these and lost it, replaced it with the ns planet waves micro clip on tuner, which is not as good. this tuner has a better, higher contrast display which is needed for bright outdoor gigs. it works more predictably and tunes smoother than the micro too. easily worth the extra dollar. it's a little taller than the micro, but still very small and if it's behind a headstock it doesn't make a difference visually, the main difference is the height if the tuner, width and depth are about the same. that also means a bigger readout. so not really a con. i use it on a godin with a slotted headstock, positioned so i can see it between the tuning keys. easy to use, bummed i lost it and replaced it with an inferior tuner, i'll be getting another one of these soon... should probably pick up one for every guitar and be done with it. 5these are excellent guitar picks.  they don't slip in my fingers like the eddie van halen guitar picks i purchased a while back. 5i bought this to connect a technics tt with an audio technica cartridge to my newer onkyo receiver with no phono input. the unit did work but i had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. in addition i have an onkyo m3040 connected to the receiver that i use for as a zone 2 amplifier. with this preamp i am getting some serious spikes into the amp. they are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. i do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.this unit may work perfectly fine with a behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. i am returning it. 2these are great xlr cables. we run them form our board to our mains and they are excellent! i have several gls cables and have zero complaints. 5this is a black sponge for smaller mics.  i got mine for use with some behringer mics.  at first, i didn't think they would fit, but it just took a bit of stretching.  they fit really snug, which is excellent because they won't fall off or slide around on the mic causing noise.  they do what they're supposed to do. 5guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  will need to check them next week or so. 3first let me say im using this for a bass (at least for this review) and nothing else. that said i lovebehringer products that i own. this guy was really cheap and actually the "chorus" part is weak...as comparedwith other chorus' i have such as (art,zoom,peavey,line-6,gibson) or we could say in a more positive phrase"very subtle" . the "stereo" effect for me was non-existant but realize i bought this item over buying a normalaby switch. doing so saved me a bundle but in the long run i will pay for it. there is a high cycle hum in the background(which almost all chorus units end up having). but i can say it did the job as far as splitting a signal into 2 amplifierheads and doesnt seem to have a problem with the signal being delivered. *note* if you plan on using a 9volt dc adapteryou have laying around in yer gear/scrap bucket think again----wont work ...i tried 4 different 9volt dc adapters to no avail.all that said i still gota give the item its due.negatives: the unit is made out of plastic and you will have to take it easy when engaging on/off. i had to take mine apart becausethe "chorus" wouldnt trigger "on" . it was due to the fact it just has a small strip of rubber that is supposed to engage with the buttonswitch on the electronics board . you may have to put something behind it or replace it. 3i used this on my last stratocaster build. it arrived quickly and was well packaged. it is black and has a kind of white stripe along the edge, so if you are looking for just a solid black pickguard, be aware. the cool thing about this pickguard is that it already has aluminum on the back. i was shielding and star grounding all of my guitars and one of the painful parts was spraying adhesive on the back of pickguards and then putting foil on them and cutting it to fit. these already come with foil, so there is no need to shield them any more than they already are.it fit my body perfectly and i am happy with the purchase. 5i started out wilth balls when i first picked up the guitar in 1968 when i was 17. they were worth my part time minimum wage money and gave me what i wanted. a very reliable product that took me through the transition from an amateur to a professional lead guitarist. i highly recommend them. keep a pack or two in your guitar case or gig bag! 5i had been tuning my guitar by ear and thought i was doing a good job. after i used the snark my guitar sounds so much better. i will never be without one again. the snark is easy to use and shows you positively when the guitar is in tune. 5i occasionally give radio interviews and participate in telephone conference calls. i'm also toying with the idea of eventually doing a podcast and/or recording audiobooks. when i first opened this package i was struck how sturdy and professional-looking this microphone was. even the case impressed me. the travel case is elegant and beautifully designed all by itself.the microphone was easy to put together and place on its stand. one thing i didn't like was having reaper pushed on me. i've successfully used audacity for years, and, even more important, it's a free program that does everything i ask of it. i installed reaper and immediately disliked its interface. it also repeatedly yelled at me about how if i used it past 60 days it was going to make me pay for it. i didn't like its tone, so i uninstalled it. mxl really should reconsider its association with reaper.i tested the microphone on a phone call using google voice. everyone i spoke with said the voice quality was superior to the cheaper mike i've been using. i also tested it with audacity in recording my voice. again, i was very happy with the results.the packaging materials said that i should have received a cd in the package. i looked everywhere but couldn't find it; apparently i need it for something called a custom grahic user interface (gui). i emailed technical support ... and i'm still waiting to hear back. not cool.so reaper and customer service are definite negatives, but the equipment itself is outstanding. 4great strings. bends are easy. stay in tune well. shipping was fast and i'd definitely recommend these. john mayer, and other of my favorite musicians use these strings, there great. 5i had intended to carry this, with my keys, attached to my chain wallet. but the wallet hasn't arrived yet so be warned it is a little bit of a pocket space eater. but i suspected it would be before i ordered it so i don't count that against it. holds 3 medium picks with grip exceptionally tight...almost annoyingly hard to get one out. will be sure to update if wear & tear has any effect on the grip on the picks. but so far, so great and would consider purchasing this for my musically inclined friends. 5i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. one was in the skb fender case ($99.95 on amazon), the other in this gator case purchased locally.  i was told it was just as good as the fender case. both ended up in checked luggage.  after 1 flight from florida to lax and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up.  the padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, i just ordered another skb fender case.  the gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips.  the skb fenders will be my airline cases from now on. 2simply one of the best string winders i have ever used to date and i love it because i having large hands it really makes a difference. not forget the added string cutter and peg puller to boot. very good. 5i've had this for about 2 weeks now and this capo is simple and works great. it feels like plastic but is made of aluminum so it holds very well. if you know how much pressure to apply to the frets, the capo works great though i always have to do a bit of fine tuning, as was expected in the first place. i love how cheap it was compared to the other capos, and yes it's not made of plastic. 4first off, i'm no ukulele expert. that being said: i replaced the original strings on my newmahalo u-35pk sparkling soprano ukulele outfit in pinkwith these. i know they stated concert, however, reading up on this, they can still be used on a soprano or standard uke. immediately i noticed a difference in sound on these strings. like another reviewer said, it's not going to perform miracles on a cheap uke, but it sure helped out a lot. the sound is quite a bit louder and so much brighter as well. i'm loving the sound. also, i really like the way they look on my pink uke; it's a nice touch.  i would definitely recommend these. 4i've had this for several years. it has worked flawlessly. it has done a pretty good job with many recordings, especially in the field. zoom has now upgraded this unit and has other models on the market that are superior.  at the time this first came out it was one of the best on the market in its price class. 4i was very pleased when i got my beatles tin and collector picks. the service was good and prompt and the price was very reasonable. i was surprised at how cool both the tin and the picks were, they are a real talking point and a must have for muso's who like individual items in their collection. thanks again cheers !!! 5i have never been much of a fan for coated strings. i normally use daddario ej 16's but i do like these elixirs, after about 4 weeks of playing they are starting to fade, not stay in tune and i notice fuzz on the wound strings at the sound hole. they do feel nice to the touch and a nice tone but pretty expensive for four week turnaround 4yet another awesome low cost guitar accessories from jim dunlop put the picks where you need them literally anywhere you need them stick it to the ceiling  if you got to 5it is a nice smaller version of the 114si road pro.it would be great if it had a steel shaft.the plastic shaft feels like it will break.but it is cheeep! 3i've only need to use this a couple of times and it worked well.  the cover is supple and easy to coil. 5it's sturdy, well made, and cheap.  you couldn't go out and buy the raw material and put something like this together for what you pay for it.  i've used it with a couple of amps and it'll handle up to say an ac30 without an issues. 4i read reviews about this being a safer option for an acoustic guitar strap support than the usual tie-device. working just fine so far, came quickly in the mail. 5i am finally feedback free!  i use this on my 310 taylor with a k&k; pure pickup system.i play mostly in a church worship team, and am usually right in front of a monitor.this blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole.i don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit.i will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!highly recommend. 5super tight, and very accurate... i'm not a fenfer fan but i really love this tuner... i recommend this one to anyone... 5sweet little neck stand.  very light weight.  folds compact to fit in your guitar's hard case or gig bag.  padded to protect guitar neck. 5really cool looking rosin, works well and is just overall awesome, you cant break it either becuase its in wood 5ever notice how every youtube video has pedals being demoed with either a strat or a tele?  we we can debate why that is but one thing for certain is it is tough to get an accurate idea of what an lp will sound like till after you unbox it.  after hours of research i decided on the fd2 since it seemed to have a lot of tuning options and i actually found a review using an lp into a clean amp.[...]essentially, you get 3 modes which have varing degrees types of od and a second boost mode to push things even father.  what i liked about this pedal is you can use the comp cut or flat mids with an lp and not increase the bottom end or mids which often teles or strats need.  hence, you can go from slight boost to huge gain without turning into mud like some pedals will do.  the only downside is with so many options you will constantly be playing with the knobs and switches and finding new sounds.  works fantastically with modeling amps which need varying amounts of clean and dirty od depending on what you are modeling. 5sound great, last much longer than any other string i have tried.worth the extra $$. give them a try. 4this one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. the fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in china guitar. from the reviews i was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but i'm not at all impressed. one thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.i recently bought a johnson jg-610-n, a johnson jg-620-n, a bristol bd-16, a jasmine s35, and this yamaha. if i'd only played the yamaha i'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side i can definitely say it's not at all amazing. the bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. the johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. the jasmine is nice but i haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.the yamaha fg700gs is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. the bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit "hive mind" where everybody buys into a hype. maybe i got a dud guitar, but i doubt it, they're all made in the same factory. 2my buddy used this for a long time so i thought i'd give it a try. shines up guitars very nice. i use it every time i change my strings for a little zaz. it does it's job in fantastic fashion, but doesn't last the longest. the shine will fade soon enough, but looks great while it lasts. 5sturdy mic clip on a budget. mic fits snugly into the clip, allowing the rage to commence. will purchase more as needed. 5what can you say about something that you need but is really insignificant in the scheme of things.  i needed it and it works simple as that 5i purchased this cable to use for a multitude of purposes around my home studio and within my live rig.i am a bass player by trade, though i dabble with many other instrument (as many of us do). i typically run direct for recording and have lately been foregoing a bass amp for many live shows, when the sound system is adequate, via sansamp paradriver or vt bass deluxe di.around my modest home studio i often need an xlr to run just a few feet from my di to my interface so the at cable works well there. for being a thin flexible cable, i notice no noise issues or interference problems.i also sing backups on stage and i typically run my mic into a tc electronics mic mechanic pedal, (which is great for those of us who do not have outboard effects processors for our vocals) and then to the mixer. i use the at 10' xlr to run from the mic to the pedal and it allows just the right amount of cable to be routed securely for the show, then i run the standard xlr to mixer or stage snake out of the tc.the cable end are very rugged feeling and have a very solid feel when connecting and disconnecting equipment, unlike many of my other cheaper xlr cables. this cable, at least in its 10' form, sounds just as good as my mogami silver 25' xlr. i know that many cheaply priced xlrs are noisy and problematic. i have several. i don't have to worry about those problems with this cable and will be purchasing more in other lengths as well to compare to my mogami cables.on short, i would recommend it for any budget conscious musical professional or novice alike. 5eveyhing arrived in a timely fashion, worked perfectly out of the box, and has been used several times to record choirs and piano. the sound is clear and well-balanced and the microphone picks up sound very well within the range of around 10 feet. 5i thought it was a good deal when i saw the original price, the discount stated it was $8 off. instead it was only $2 cheaper than buying at my local music store. other than the price, the strings work great on my guitar. sounds amazing. i'll definitely be buying more of these. 5this power supply is unbelieveble versatile... when i first saw this i believed it was only for 6 pedals but it turns out it can power up a lot pedals better than any power supply out there.... this power up my 12 pedals i got in my pedal board and i can even power more... im buying 3 more and it will work, only with this!! thats why i say this is the best on the world! 5ok, so they are just screws....... but a quality replacement for ones for the rusting one!!!  and it is fender licensed! 5i use this cable for small home recording projects. i do not take the cable around to gigs or shows, as i am pretty sure it wouldn't last longer than a few months of heavy use. the sound quality is fine and the metal connecters feel a little bit flimsy. if your looking for something that is cheap and will do the job, this is your product. 4this is an indispensable tool for all guitarists who constantly change strings. it is like the swiss army knife for string winding. 5the best part of this pick is that it is easier on my strings, it still gives the pick tone, but seems to do less damage. 5this is a wonderful item that really works! arrived fast! having a great time making picks out of old credit and gift cards! this makes a great gift item! 5this is one beefy string winder.  there is really no comparison between this professional tool and those cheesy $2 toy string winders you find 100 to a bin at the accessories counter of your nameless local guitar superstore.pros:- very sturdy- rotates extremely smoothly- well balanced- fits every guitar tuning key i've tried- high-impact plastic body should withstand years (decades?) of abuse- clandestine compartment in handle was a nice bonus -- for earplugs, extra end pins, whatevercons:- none whatsoever.buy this immediately and save your wrists for more lucrative pursuits. 5i've been using elixir strings since gore first made prototypes over 10 years ago. i use both electric and acoustic. the product performs exactly as they guarantee it will.  every once in a while i'll get a &#34;dead&#34; string. i'll just call the customer service number and they will replace it free of charge. same thing with strings that break while tuning them up. 5i keep going back and forth between dr high beams and these. my teacher really likes the high beams, but these are half the price, and the tone is just great and, surely a new set of these are going to have more &#34;oomph&#34; than a set of high beams i keep a little too long because they cost more. . .  recommended. 5i got the ocean turqouise and they are stunning.  $4 for these 12 beautiful, premium quality picks is a steal. 5i have played guitar/bass for quite some time and have used numerous tuners ranging those those big korg strobe tuners to my latest sabine stx-1100. i liked the big boss tu-1000 but that is overkill unless in certain situations.i was at a big jam in a nightclub around christmas and saw a bunch of guys using clamp on tuners of varying brands and thought i would try one. i looked at the amazon offerings and after reading reviews settled on this one over the sn1 or sn2.this is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before. it requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time. the only thing i don't like about it is it doesn't really like the e string of my bass. i don't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well. i will try the sn8 shortly and give this one to a friend.i do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning. if you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing. i am my own guitar tech, as well as for a friend, and i can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.get a snark and you will be happy.edit - i don't like to use this with my prs as the headstock has very little room to clip this to. the only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point. if you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a fender or gibson; both which have plenty of space on the headstock. 4the acoustic guitar quick release system is very interesting.  i ordered this as a filler item for a much larger order, just to give it a try.  so far so good.  thanks. 5by far the best distortion pedal out there. no doubt about that. several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. i also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. it's great for medal. it have a nice punch to it along with a great &#34;cut&#34; so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. there are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. amazing 5i have moved on to the carbon fiber and 3mm lexan jazz iii picks but these ultex picks are also very nice.  they are a little less bright than the carbon fiber picks which in some cases is actually preferrable.  in my opinion (at least at the moment) the jazz iii picks are right at the top of the list with the best picks you can buy.  once you get used to the small size there is no going back.  the large picks feel like your holding a refrigerator. 4this is such a nice bag for the price.  nicely padded with an ample zip compartment that can hold your snark, capo, or whatever.  there is a handle and a shoulder strap.  plus, it is reallly a nice looking bag, black with a little white trim in front. 5it looks fine but as other reviewers have pointed out is thinner than the oem plate that came on the guitar. some people mentioned putting shims behind it but a better idea might be to cut the ends of the neck screws down by an 1/8th of an inch so that you don't screw the neck screws in too far.  the plate was delivered on time and as promised by amazon. 5i have 2 of these combo packs and they are simply great! i have 15 pedals connected to these 2 visual sound 1 spot units on my pedaltrain pro, and have all the wiring underneath. looks pretty neat along with the george l's cables that are almost invisible. the 1 spot works wonderfully and generates no noise, hiss or buzz. connects and powers great. no need for something fancy to effectively power up to 8 of 9v pedals with one combo pack. the adaptors work great with other than the regular ac connections like those found on mxr or boss pedals. highly recommended. 5i would recommend the d'addario prelude violin string set to anyone who want to use wire-wound strings.  they are durable and have a nice tone. 5if you're into playing blues, these strings have great tone and due to being a light guage, they allow you to bend the strigs easier.  i'm not a working musician and only play for my own enjoyment, but i'd use these anywhere. 51. if you are totally a beginner and have nothing to begin with, get this guitar and a vox amplug ac30. use it with your headphones or home speakers.2. don't upgrade until your skills improved and you become a mid level. prepare $1000 for a tube amp and a good guitar with brand name pickups for upgrade. if your budget is below that, don't bother and save more.speak from experience, i've tried a lot and did many research. this guitar with amplug just sound amazing! plus, it can be your forever play around set which you will be happy with and bring them out. guitars and amps below $400, yes there are good stuff, but you're more likely to get problematic things that will be replace by better things latter. for a budget around $1000, if you don't go professional, you will be happy with them forever. so do yourself a favor, one shot, no waste of time and money.this guitar is good enough for any beginners. most under $400 guitars don't have good pickups, so why spend extra money? (again, my bloody experience taught me that.i've spent time and money, way more than $1000) free advice.i strongly recommend this guitar, it has no fault towards its price. 5monster cable is one of the things on earth we can count on!seriously speaking all my cables are monsters, yes they are pricy and sometimes very much, true.but they last really lifetime and i never ever had to complain or heard a friend complaining on monster products.peace 5germany company, manufacturing is in china... i have always found this to make the product hit or miss but the last two behringer products that are in my hands are very good. 5i ordered this pedal based on the previous review, but to me it sounds cheap and faint. i do a have a few behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one i won't be keeping. to me, it wasn't even close to as good as what you get on fender amps or on my tc electronics delay pedal (which includes chorus/vibrato), and i thought that i would go solo with this pedal, but for me it's a no go... 3i wanted to find a device that let me record easily when at a gig, or just in my office. i did a lot of research into devices that were usb only, even other ones that focusrite sold. the main reason i picked this one was its versatility in being both ipad and usb compatible.the complaints about the ipad connector cable are valid - it's too stiff and short. i feel like i might accidently break it off if i'm not too careful. why it uses a proprietary connector on the back of the unit, i'll never know. to combat the included 30-pin cable i bought a$10 3ft 30-pin extension cable, which seems to do the job nicely. the garageband software on the ipad is simple enough to use, and while it can only record one of the 2 input channels at a time, that's fine for what i expected. to record from a live sound-board, i just use the xlr input, set the gain (with the awesome colored halo ring), and save the recording as a mono track.being small and solidly built, i've got no problem tossing this in the milk-crate with the rest of my cables and peddles.in regards to how it records when plugging into a computer via usb (an imac in this case), it's even better than i expected. the garageband software on the mac does have the ability to record both input channels at the time time. the on-board monitor volume and headphone is fantastic. i thought it only would play back what was being input at that moment, but it does more than that. it's a real monitor (the garageband software recognizes it's the monitor output), and when you have a multi-track recording that you're working on, the software allows you to pass back other tracks from the computer while recording a new track.for example, i recorded a track with just the guitar (track 1), i was using the 1/4" input channel, and laid down that track. then i created a second guitar track and recorded a second guitar part (headphones plugged into itrack solo) and i was able to hear both the current track i was recording, and the first track. lastly, i plugged in a mic into the first input, and created a 3rd vocal only track. when i was singing, i was able to hear both guitar parts with the headphones still plugged into the itrack solo as well as my vocals recording in real-time. i wasn't expecting this level of capability, and was very impressed by the lack of any noticeable latency in both the backing tracks and the vocals i was recording with all 3 going at the same time.the last thing i want to mention is the xlr pre-amp. focusrite has been making high-end professional recording equipment for a long time, and the thing they're most well-known for is the mic pre-amp. i have to say, it is spectacular. there is absolutely no noise (no hiss, or clicks) of any kind. the gain staging nobs with the color halos make it so easy to setup, it's almost too easy. the sound it captures is exactly what you expect, and you'll notice right away if you're using a low quality microphone. it definitely stands up to their reputation. having 48v phantom power to use those top dollar condenser mics is also a really nice thing to have. the demos on their website show how simple it is to use. once you start playing with it, you'll realize it is a really nice tool for a solo artist, or someone who wants high portability, but great sound quality. 5whatever size you are looking for dunlop is the best option. it lasts long, sounds great, and feels very nice. it is probably the most favored pick among all companies. i recommend the orange one for beginners, and in general would not go much higher than the green ones because when it gets too heavy it does not feel to comfortable anymore and does not sound as well, but it is totally up to what you want. either way, dunlop is the best and for a great price. 5i play with fingernails and just can't control standard metal banjo-style fingerpicks because i can't feel the strings. i used alaska picks for years, which are very good. these are better. they give the control of nails, yet the tone and protection of metal - and i can feel the strings! muting, harmonics, everything...  if you play with nails and want finger picks, these are for you. 5have not used the light as much as i thought i might, but it works okay. each light has multiple, independent settings. the beams are narrow, but you get two of them.the major downside is that they sometimes turn on if they are carried with other things in your bag. something in the bag will trigger the switch, and the light may be on for hours without you knowing it. there is no good way to prevent this other than to take the batteries out of the light during transport.also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. it does not work well (or at all) with object more than 1/4 inch thick. 3i ordered this so i could plug my guitar into my computer and record music. works well. quality german manufacturing as always. nice. i would definitely recommend this. it worked with my windows 7 starter, acer netbook. 5i was looking for a portable guitar that would survive the rigors of afganistan. i was going to get the martin backpacker, which i have actually seen and held in a store, but other reviews sold me on this washburn. the case was a particular positive point for me, and so was the 25% lower price. i am more than please with what i have received. the case is great for a traveling soldier, rugged and protective, with useful pockets. the guitar itself is very well made, nice pegs and solidly built for such an inexpensive instrument. it does have a bit of a banjo like sound because of the small body, common to the type, as is the initial awkwardness figuring out how to hold, since the full sized fretboard overbalances the tiny body, and you can't exactly rest it on your leg like a regular acoustic. the thing is, this guitar is just plain fun, it is always handy, durable, and plays pretty well. best buy i have made on a product i couldn't try out first. a testament to the quality of the reviews on amazon, which have rarely led me astray. 5these picks are a good change of pace. they are easy to grip and do not slide and slip through my fingers. good investment for the price. 5i use this on the fretboard of my new hohner wc03 parlor and two epiphone aj220sce acoustics. they had mimimal oil/stain from the factory.  keeps the wood smooth and beautiful for much longer than a few weeks.  i use it every other time i restring my guitars, it is a really good product, i use it on all of my guitars, except my strat that has a maple neck.. 5i purchased two fender instruments, a mandolin and an acoustic guitar, each of which came with a fender clamp-on tuner with similar functionality, but i thought to give the snark a try. i haven't used the sound versus vibration mode much, nor have i done much with the metronome function much--i can't speak to them; however, i am very pleased with the vibration tuning. compared to the fender, both will get your strings tuned well; what i like better about the snark is there is a almost no dwell from the last note stuck before the next note registers. with the fender, i feel i have to wait a few seconds for the screen to clear before striking again, and that adds up when moving from string to string.  the snark is bulkier in the soft gig bag; the trade-off is any easy-to-read display. lately, it's become my go-to tuner. 4i've had this pedal since the mid-90's, when i started playing in my teens.  while an eq might seem like an odd choice for a beginner's pedal selection, i was mainly trying to compensate for the crappy bass and mid-range of the cheap crate and marshall amps i used back then.  since i have better equipment now, i haven't used it as much.however, as simple as it is, it is definitely a useful tool.  you can leave it on all the time to mold your sound with greater detail than most amps would have with knobs.  or, you can the on-board volume to crank up the volume for solos or louder parts.the only negatives i recall from using it were that it added a bit of a hissing noise (but not so much that you couldn't trap it with a noise gate), and it seemed to take away from the sustain of notes just a bit.  again, nothing that can't be fixed with other effects.  and if you think about how important equalization is with stereo equipment, it only makes sense that you might want that level of control in a guitar amp as well.i give it 5* despite the minor flaws because it does what it says and boss products are built rock solid.  i'll have this thing forever. 5great strings, the strings on my epiphone les paul wore out so i bought these, my ukulele sounds better than when i first bought it. kinda wish they came in black, the white contrasts with the color of my uke. 5works out great for my two ukus,,  hung it on the wall, looks good and is easy to adjust etc. 5this tuner is very accurate.  it is well made and stays on without falling off.  i tested it with other tuners and it's right on. easy to see when positioned correctly. 5they're round and they fit over microphones.  work well to stop pops and lisps.  have been very happy with them. 5i ordered this product to review for possible use by members of my senior adult choir at church.  it was ordered with a little trepidation after reading some of the previous reviews.  i found it to be excellent for the price and so far, have had no problems with the zippers.this product is described as a "soprano ukulele gig bag" and that is exactly what it is.  a "gig bag" is *not* a rigid faa-approved flight case, nor is it a semi-rigid polystyrene "case" with soft covering.  reviewers that don't believe this is sufficiently padded are looking for something other than a "gig bag" and don't understand the term.  you wouldn't put your reading glasses in a soft, padded case and expect to be able to sit on them would you?i don't know if some other reviewers tried to fit concert-sized ukuleles or other larger sizes into this bag, but i found that it fits the soprano size perfectly.  it is *very well padded* for a gig bag, having extra padding at the base of the instrument (where the bottom strap button would be if you have one) to cushion the bottom if you hold it standing on end.  it also has a nicely padded handle.  i received it in a box with other items and it was packaged well.  (ukulele not included.  they cost a little more than this.) 5i just bought it records very well even a whisper from pretty far away. excellent fer recording acoustic's 5lots of different thicknesses and textures to try out and see what works or like the best, great picks sampler 5excellent product, it is well cushioned. i'm a typical overweight american. great sale price!(lucky timing) all black and fully assembled! doesn't get any easier than that... (batman) 5cheaper and as good as if they were original gibson, fit well and look well, tune well everything, get them! 5i like this almost as well as the ernie ball alternative i've been using for 20+ years with shaler strap locks.these work the same bu the ends are styled a little differently. you may or may not love the details but they work just fine and to me are extremely comfortable. 4this stand is small but does the job.and folds up in to a small package.i have one for each guitar 5i bought two sets of these for two of my fender 4x10 bass cabinets. i slipped them right in using the original fender screws since they're machine screws (eb comes with wood screws). very solid. 5i was not a fan of this particular capo. it was good quality and the price was ok but just not my style. 3i bought a few of these to hook ipods/iphones to live stage sound systems, most of which are not in stereo anyway, so why use stereo-to-mono adapters or 2 separate channels when it's not needed? perfect solution, seems durable. 5these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven i use them all the time 5this is a sweet ukulele and it looks just as sweet as it sounds! change the strings immediately, and you have yourself an excellent sounding instrument.  amplify it with a touch of chorus and feel it too!only drawback - there is no volume control on the instrument itself.the amp cable that is included is nothing to write home about, and the gig back is a cheap nylon deal - but, it's all about the instrument, and i give that a 5. 5i maintain all of my guitars on a regular basis since i no longer have my own guitar tech to do everything for me! take care of your fretboards any your fingers and fretboards will be very happy! 5replaced a stock fender speaker in a modified mustang lead ii cabinet that i now use connected to a hughes and kettner amp.  this speaker dramatically improved the sound of the cabinet, and sounded good using the mustang ii amp as well.  this speaker seems to take some of the sizzle and shrill off the high-end to make a nice even sound.  i'm quite pleased with this speaker. 5i bought 2 of these and will order a few more.  they are very nice looking and functional too.  i have been keeping my guitars in floor stands or in their cases but it takes up much needed space and just creates clutter...not that a guitar should ever be considered clutter.the great thing about these is that your guitar(s) are always &#34;right there&#34; and you can choose whichever one you have a hankering to play at that moment.just a note of caution though.  make certain that you mount the hanger screwed into a stud or on a solid wood surface.  the weight of your guitar will pull it right from sheet rock.  included are sheet rock plastic backers but personally i would not trust them and nobody wants a hole in their wall.  i would also use longer screws than they provide with the purchase as well.  i'm sure the screws are okay but i wouldn't trust them myself.i would highly recommend these for someone with just one guitar or many.  well worth the small price paid.  the shipping was incredibly fast too, as always with amazon. 5i am very pleased with the quality of this stand. it is actually better than my other two and costs a lot less. it shipped on time and the packing was good. 5this tuner work well. one of the features is that when its not on one of the notes the full screen is red. so it easy to quickly tune up. 4well, i have another strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... if you want something to just practice with this is what  you should get. i recommend it! 3good basic strap.  it's not fancy, but it doesn't need to be.  by being just plain black, it tends not to detract from the good looks of the five string bass it's used on. 5i agree with the others - i've been using fast fret for over 20 years (and finger ease spray for over 40), but i believe slick is a better product.  i give it just 4 stars, though, due to its design. the wiping cloth that comes with slick is meant to fit in a small plastic ziplock bag inside the cap, but it's difficult to get the cloth back inside the small bag, and it's bulky inside the cap, making it a little difficult to close with the cloth inside the cap. it would be easier to close if the cap side was deeper; the way it's designed now, the cap and the applicator are equally sized, when they needn't be. that's a small gripe, though - if i could give it 4-1/2 stars (with half a star off for the design), i would - it's great stuff. 4these microphones were made for the studio, i used it for live performance, you better have a good pa system to enjoy the sound, there everything that the video showed, it's a great microphone period. top of the line and it works great, thank you marshall electronics and amazon. 5i am pleased with the strap and the low price. i bought it for a very large body &#34;f&#34; hole electric guitar. 5i love the design, and the strap holds up very well. i would reccomend to anyone who likes gibson or the lightning bolt symbol. 5i just got the 3rd monitor.  great price.  got here in 2 days ....so.  my first 2 units have a very bright blue ish color led for power.the latest one has a very mellow amber color led.anyone else noticed different color led's ?comparing the units, the newest one seems to have a differnt type feel on the impact plasctic shell.weight and sound is the same.i use them for everything from full band to acoustic .  great for vocals and guitar.  as stated by others not much bass response ( but from a 5 in speaker what would you expect).mine have been dropped, wet, hot and never missed a beat. 5i put these on an epiphone les paul acoustic-electric and it sounds so great. they are very smooth and warm and magical, like a mythical unicorn. 5got this for a 15 year old learning guitar.  they thought the guitar was fine before the tuner.  my, how things change when you can see what is really going on.  recommended. 5i like this speaker system, behringer makes good products when it comes to this. the sound is good and loud, you can control the levels and eq directly from this so no need for a mixer. you can connect an ipod or laptop to it. and there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. i used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but i have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although i did not try it. the price was great and the wattage was nice. i must say, when we have people come over it is easier to hear them sing. with me playing on the piano it is sometimes hard to hear their voices but now it is equal and sounds nice in harmony. i also connected to microphones to it and it distributes the sound very evenly so it sounds good in a duet.update: i recently bought a guitar and started to use this amp for my electric fender, it works great! the sound is great, the wattage is good, everything is wonderful. highly recommend this amp if you want a small amp for your guitar. 4great for the beginner! 5this microphone works well for our needs. i purchased refurbished so, when i received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. it could be from shipping. i re-attached the item and added a windscreen. now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore. 4soi f you want to turn distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie 2i'm primarily a guitar player, but i do have a decent mandolin that had factory strings on it.  those strings made it hard to play, so i tried these d'addario mandolin strings.  what a difference!  these strings are great! 5i purchased this for my 10 year old daughter.  she is learning to play guitar and the classical guitar i gave her was just too wide for her little fingers to reach.  the action on this guitar is perfect and required no set up..was ready to go out of the box.  i almost kept it for myself as a knock around guitar it is that nice.  i have been playing for about 30 years and was really impressed with the quality of this guitar and the sweet, full, rich sound.  if you are looking at this guitar, buy it!  you will not be disappointed! 5seriously, just stop.don't be like me and wonder what all the fuss is for years, just go ahead and get a pair. they are just awesome. when i finally got mine, i opted for the anniversary edition as they were on sale, and i am seeing the regular athm50s right now for $119!! that's crazy cheap.i had some rather inexpensive sony headphones for about eight years(still have them actually) that are comfy and sound good, but not entirely accurate. the athm50s are really solid studio headphones. i can't imagine why i have taken soooooo long to try them for myself. they exude quality and are comfy, even when i'm wearing my glasss which many headphones are not. not for long seasons anyway.i use the athm50s in my home studio and i have started taking them along in my gear bag for studio sessions along with a 15' headphone ext cable.i feel oso foolish having lived without these cans for so long, don't you do the same! 5i use the gooseneck to position my pop filter over my microphone. it is also sturdy enough to use on my microphone holder to hold my microphone in place. 5this is an original gibson gear replacement part. don't change your knobs or any kind of part in your gibson (les paul, sg or any other) if not for the real deal. i have a les paul and i definetely intend to maintain its value in the long term by using original parts. besides, they look great and will perform their job for many, many years! 5seem to work well. keep the ground switch selected, and it will do just fine. i have used different direct boxes and i recommend this one. 5this hand full of picks saves your fingernails, they are not the best, but easy to fit to the fingertips though the thumb picks that came are not the size i am used to. 4this pedal really hits the spot!warm vintage analog slap-back delay with optional modulation and ability to self oscillate (which, if you are a fan of johnny greenwood, you will love!). i also use it to give my guitar some sort of ambient sound, with the modulation on and very short delay time, sounds almost like a phaser. 5i had to send my first one back. the second one is working fine so far. i've noticed it works better with some daws than others, also. if you are having problems with it, it could be you daw software. it works great with reaper. 3i liked the string spacing on these nuts. you ~could~ just drop it in and play but you will soon realize it will need some refinement. my open b and e strings, with somewhat aggressive picking, would buzz like a sitar. this was corrected by filing the slots with a back angle towards the tuners. some additional filing will be needed to remove the sharp edges. the base of this bone nut does not have a radius. so if your nut slot is radiused, you will need to have it done or you will have poor sustain and possibly crack the nut in half at string tension. this is more common in vintage guitars, though.my guitar's sustain was definitely improved with this nut. i highly recommend it! 5i bought this tuner because i am learning to play guitar and want to keep my guitar in tunegreat little tuner that looks good and works even better it works really well, but not perfectly 5looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position 2this audio adapter works perfectly.  why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio.  i'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers. 5i just purchased the mic stand for my desk at home. it does the job well. if you're looking to do some desktop podcasting or internet radio, then, it's perfect. many adjustments to get just the right position. it's definitely not a performance mic, as it does feel a bit filmsy, but, you won't notice the flimsiness except for when you're adjusting it. adjusting it is a tad tedious, but, you can get a really good position with the microphone after a couple minutes.i've mounted my samson q1u dynamic cardioid usb microphone to it. it works well for sure. then, i attached the standard pop filter, and the microphone started tipping it over. make sure the boom is aligned with a leg extension, or it will tip over if there's too much weight. just find something semi heavy and find a way to attached it to the existing counter-weight, and it will be excellent. so this mic won't play nice with your large condensers + pop filters + shockmount at the start, but, just find a good counter weight and all will be well.it looks great, and will definitely be easy on the eyes in any room. it was a good investment, and all in all, you definitely get what you pay for. if you're hesitant on attaching a lot of stuff to it, then, i would recommend shelling out a couple more dollars for a sturdier stand.but atleast for me, it does the job, and does it well. 4great picks, buy it. this pick, rocks for me, im a fan of dunlop for many years and all there products are amazing. 5these have been my favorite picks, for decades now. they grip very well, and last forever, and they're a tiny bit more muted than other, more &#34;plasticky&#34; picks. 5by far the best to use on the neck of any guitar or bass.  applies easily and what is not absorbed between frets, wipes right up.  a must to keep wood looking fresh. 5awesome patch cables for your pedalboard. they are not as rigid as your typical patch cables which works for winding in and around pedals easier and you can twist and angle them however you want without stressing your input jacks. love planet waves gear. 5this is an intriguing idea for a microphone: a nice condenser with built-in monitoring.  a possible simple solution for the musician who really wants to keep a rig minimal.  it seemed to me that i should test it both as a microphone and as a usb io device.  the very first appearance is impressive.  there's a nicely-compartmentalized carrying case.  inside, there's a milled aluminum desk stand, a cable, a short manual and the microphone.  no shock mount. the mic looks good, but has almost no mass.  while this may not mean much, i own and have used lots of mics--none of them this lacking in heft.i set up a shootout in my studio. i have an acoustically-treated room with calibrated studio monitors, so i think i can do a fair test.  i kept it simple, using a steel string guitar played in several styles.  for a comparison mic, i used an akg perception 420.  this is a multipattern mic that's only a little more expensive; a cardiod-only version is exactly the same price as this mxl.  i used only the cardiod pattern, so i think it's a fair comparison on the basis of price.  to get to the point, the akg beat the mxl in every way.  it was quieter, with a much better midrange.  a glance at the specs (online at mxl) shows a significant boost in higher frequencies, leading to about a 3db rise at 8k or so.  the polar pattern is shown only in broadband (not at multiple frequencies) and it shows a dip at the 45-degree position.  these were things i could easily hear.so purely as a microphone, the mxl doesn't match up to other mics in its price range.  but that's not a complete comparison.  the mxl has a little headphone jack on the side so that the performer can listen with zero latency.  that's a plus that comes with a couple of big minuses.  the mic is vulnerable to cable scrapes and vibrations coming down the headphone cable--better make sure you hold still when you use it.  there's also a volume knob that appears to affect both listening and recording level.  this means that it's easy to inadvertently skew recording levels when you're mounting the mic or tweaking your listening level.there's also an optional software control panel (mac and windows) that goes with the mic.  it provides a noise gate and compressor as long as some basic controls for recording and monitoring.  i'm unlikely ever to use this dynamics processing; once done, it can't be undone.  i'd apply those after the fact when i've got plenty of time to dial them in.  this leaves the level controls--a place where mxl could have been more careful.  there's a microphone gain which works in conjunction with the thumbwheel on the mic itself.  it takes some doing to figure out which does what.  there's a highpass filter--tremendously useful when rumble is a problem.  but we don't know if this filter is in the analog or digital domain.  i hope it's analog, but there's nothing about it in the documentation.  then there's the biggest problem.  there's a playback level control which allows your mix to play back through the mic's headphone jack.  but this also means that--depending on your daw--it's easy to set up a feedback path.  you won't like that.the biggest question in my mind is "just who is this microphone for"?  a traditional mic can be connected to any preamp and used at any sample rate.  i have mics (both expensive and inexpensive) that i've had for years and years.  only the preamp/interface changes.  this mxl is usb-only, 44/48 only.  you can't easily set up multiples of usb mics without clocking issues.  most usb/firewire mic preamps have a zero-latency monitoring mode, so the mic doesn't really offer anything you can't get elsewhere.  in the end, i don't really think this is a good choice for any but the most casual of musicians.  to me, that milled aluminum desk mount holds the answer.  if you're a podcaster or a serious skyper, then this mic deserves consideration.  it's a decent mic for spoken voice--the hf boost is helpful in bringing out articulation--and the single usb connection keeps your desk uncluttered.  of course, there are plenty of other choices for that application.  but i think that's the best light to shine on this one. 3i have a tired 16 year old lefty acoustic guitar that needed some love.  i decided to replace the saddle with this one.. and it required some dremeling/sanding to get it to sit correctly.  it was easy to do - and now my guitar has no buzzing on any of the frets and it sounds great with new strings.  it also brightened up the saddle/bridge because my old saddle was turning yellow and not too nice looking.  this one is an ivory-ish color and it is really nice. 5***update*** after heavy play for 6 months, this is my favorite amp by a mile. i also have a zt lunchbox that i use for church work (miles of clean headroom and designed specifically for pedals). the mustang iii would work just fine, but i can throw the zt in a backpack with my pedals (i only use an od, chorus and reverb for church) and it has a lot more volume of i do youth group stuff outside and can't mic up.i have several friends that play music as a primary source of income and 3 of them purchased the mustang for it's overall lightweight, terrific sound and low price. played on the clean channels (settings 88-99) with pedals will give you an amazing tone that lets you forget it's not a tube amp - and for the most part, the crowd is clueless to begin with. i did purchase the vox ac4 and it was so one dimensional and limited it went right back. terrific for gigs or practice, a back up or just beginning guitar.so this is the 3rd amp i've purchased in a very short amount of time. i traded in my line 6 and also purchased a roland micro cube. chalk it up to a new guitar player and a whole world of amplifiers from every price range and style. i bought the line 6 becuase it had a lot of features and presets that i thought would be really fun. they are, but line 6 is for metal, despite "you can play anything on it" marketing. turns out i really enjoy playing country and blues (although i listen to punk, classic rock and metal (pre-1995).enter the mustang iii. it also is feature loaded, but with one kicker. the models of the vintage fender amps. i have a very close friend that plays a 65' twin reverb - he was shocked at the modeling. the bassman is another that is just off the charts good. the lcd screen is bigger and overall very simple to use. the vox model is also really jangly sounding - like it's supposed to. i have to add that with vox in particular, you can get the crunch without having to use massive volume. this is true of modeling amps across the board and a huge advantage over tubes in general. for $300 you can get a vox w/ an overdrive, delay and reverb. and you can get the full effect with the volume dialed to 3, not 11. it doesn't sound exactly like a vox - but i don't gig. i'm a basement rockstar - the mustang gets it done without any problems.adding virtual effect pedals and saving the settings are easy and intuitive. that's without the fuse software. i'm not big into recording, so i'm content using it from the  lcd, but the fuse software is slick. the virtual pedal board is probably my favorite part of the amp. the screen is easy to navigate and you can see exactly what effects you're using where they are set at.the only reason i've given it 4 stars is beacuse is lacks low end punch and more importantly doesn't quite have the warmth of a tube amp. to be clear - tube amps sound like tube amps. if you are a metal guy on a solid state budget, line 6 is still the way to go. if you're more into the old school r'n'r sounds, take a look at the mustang iii. excellent sounds and value. 4i know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  the unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a rode m1 mic or similar.i knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but i opened one, tried to use it and can't. it was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  i suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands. 2a dull, inept version of a tubescreamer. just sounds flat and boring. not very inspiring. at all. (then again, i never did really like ts's)....... 1it's a cable, no frills, tangles pretty easy and due to it's design it might rattle a little when you move around but it works like it should 3solidly built works just as a mic stand should..couldnt be happier..as long as i take care of this ill never need to buy a new one again. 5what to say about this except that they mounted properly, came with the right screws and i didnt have any issues. lol 5great pickup, combined with the fishman aura spectrum d.i. you will have an excellent experience.  even the pick up by itself into a quality amp will make you happy. 5a quality, low-cost capo that is so easy to use that does a perfect job and claps on the guitar strap out of the way when not in use 4perfect thickness and action.what else can i say?  you won't be sorry you got these, they are all i'll get from now on. 5it's a great little tuner, great accuracy, but unfortunately, they are a bit on the delicate side. the first one started working about a week after i bought it. just broke down. the second one i purchased had a break when it arrived. after piecing the two of them together, i have a nice stable tuner. but beware...these are manufactured on the cheap. 3i knew i did right by buying the dr-212. it's great and stands up to much more expensive of it's kind.i have lots of gibsons as well as epiphones and frankly i don't see any difference to speak of. if anybody wants a durable acoustic 12 string with fine sound you'll find it in the dr-212.best of luck to allregards,roger  epiphone dr-212 acoustic guitar, 12-string, natural 4i've been playing guitar my entire life. and i've tried almost every pick there is. after hearing how great it is, i decided to buy it. it felt really small at first, and i kinda was dissapointed. i put it down, and didn't use it for quite some time. for some reason i decided to pick it back up, and after a few minutes i came to like the pick. days after using it, i got accustomed to its size, and i became much more efficient with picking. and i no longer had to worry about the pick slipping. i can't really go back to normal sized picks now.. haha. that's like the only downside i can think of. there are many dif versions of this style, so buy em all, and try em out. if these don't work for you, you can always buy the v-pick. 5i haven't used it a lot yet, but i really like it so far.. much easier to put on than the 30 year old capo i was using, and it works for my guitars and my banjo, without putting them out of tune. it seems to be solidly made as well, and not too much pressure as others said.. my old capo put a lot more pressure than this does :p, and was much heavier. i'd assume it was made out of cast-iron or something instead of aluminum. 5this strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  i returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin. 1great rack mount screws. rubber washers are perfect, lets it give your item that tight fit without worry of the screws working out any time soon. i use them on my portable desktop rack with my mobile dj equipment and they have held strong. 5d'addario strings are simply the best!the brightest tone, normal lifespan, fair prices,, and louder than the rest!i have played guitar professionally for over 27 years.these strings are the best all around for tone, clarity, punch and volume.don't be fooled by strings that may last longer or have coating on them just to sacrifice clear tone.one a side note. i hate their new packaging.they used to wrap them individually in paper sleeves. then about a decade ago they started winding them individually, but placed them loosely inside a plastic sealed pouch. now, they wind up two at a time, and place them inside a plastic pouch. arrgh!same great strings and tone, but now you have to unwind them from their &#34;pairs&#34; and lay them out two-at-a-time...kind of aggravating, but no friggin' way would i ever use another string! - lol!i compared these (and other d'addario's) to other manufacturers...they were much louder and cleaner.don't be an idiot. buy the best all around string and improve your tone immediately. 5this cloth is perfect for wiping your guitar down after a playing session. a guitar is an investment and you should protect it. a good polish cloth is a must. 5this is a nice pick holder, especially for the price. it sticks well to the guitar and is easy to use. 5just recieved my stand. it fits the mandolin perfect,it also fits my wifes ukelele--- so i ordered a second one this morning. its made very well. is compact once its folded up. the price was  awesome.i totaly recomend this stand for anyone that has a small stringed insterment. thank -you so much 5it's the same as the other flavors, which all work fine, but it looks great with my new white gretch. 5i can't speak on the claim for a longer string life.  the strings are true to elixir's quality and tone.  these strings sound great plug and unplugged.  i also had the opportunity from vine to try the phosphor bronze too.  there are tonal differences as expected.  the 80/20 are brighter, but the tones are clear and crisp.  when amplified, i did note less finger noise as i re-positioned or slid my fingers along the strings.  i didn't notice any difference to the feel of the string...as compared to other nanoweb elixir strings that i have used over the years.  time will tell if these strings last longer than their other versions.  for now, even if they only last as long as the other nanoweb ... you're still getting a good deal. 5this is an essential accessory for the excellent line 6 spider iv combo amps,  for more details, see my review of the line 6 spider iv 75 watt combo.  the fbv express mk ii is the least expensive pedal to give one full control over all basic and essential amp features. this pedal should have been ( or be) included with the amp but it wasn't.  anyway, if you are considering buying the amp (which is great), you really will want to have this pedal, even though it costs 33% of the price of the amp itself.with the fbv express mk ii you can store the 4 amp channels, each of which has its own settings for model and all effects, as well as control the 14 second looping ability of the spider iv.  the pedal also adds a volume/way pedal (the wah pedal is ok but not as full-throated as a cry baby or other stand-alone wah wahs).  without the pedal, you will not be able to access looping and channel switching in real time while playing (which is the whole point of this thing) unless you have more than the standard compliment of 2 arms, equipped with one  hand each.the pedal also interfaces with a computer to allow deep editing and storing of all of the effects of the line 6 spider iv combos through a usb port.  this feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp.j.m. tepper 5i am very impressed with the quality of this strap for how little i paid.  nice soft flexible leather, and very adjustable.  i had to lengthen the slit one end to fit over the oversize strap attach fitting on my fender acoustic electric, but other than that it fit perfect. 5i have always liked these sticks. they are solid, look good and feel good. you will always get quality from vic firth. only downer is they seem to break faster then some sticks such as vaders. 4my favorite strings for about 3 years now, i like the feel and the sound of this set. i use this strings with an ibanez rg custom with dimarzios. love it. 5when i'm in a apt. i need an amp with tube (at least the pre) and a cabinetorange ppc108 1x8" speaker cabinetas small as possible, giving a decent sound and output (w/o annoying around) and orange made my needs true!(i never ever expect to play at a stadium with this! obviously)in my opinion, this is absolutely a decent amp that respond to precise needs. 5i recently purchased a used american fender strat that came with the old tweed case...nice case, but doesn't provide the protection that i need for my guitars. the fender/skb case is built like a tank and provides great protection and it has tsa locks for when you travel. a no-brainer for fender guitars. 4terrific all-in-one must-have tool for guitarists!i have been using the older style planet waves model of this winder/cutter/bridge pin tool and when it came in i was a little skeptical about the new model.i am happy to see that the changes are relatively minor and if anything it is just a little bit smaller so it will fit inside your case compartment more easily leaving more room for other junk.i have used the planet waves tolls for years without any difficulty or problems with breaking, bending, becoming dull or unusable. they keep on keeping on and i have one in every case.buy, you'll love it, and if not, you can always return it.hope this helps! 5i love dunlop straps because i'm a tall guy and they're long enough for me not to look like an electric-guitar-playing-mariachi. 5using this to mic my mesa boogie mark v 1x12 cabinet. it is holding a shure sm57 microphone.  the microphone clip that came with the stand is plastic, but i'm using the one that came with the microphone which has metal threads. 5with drum pads, i basically either get 0 velocity, or max.  and i have to really hammer on them to trigger.  hurts after a while.likes:+ size+ assignable knobs.+ works good w/ ableton livedislikes:- drum pads!keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.i'm looking to upgrade after a month.. want better drum pads.  :-/ 2heavy duty, pretty sturdy, finish is not the best in the world but it certainly does the job it was intended for, holds secure and adjusts easily 4i've had two of these tuners. they are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. they're durable and have a long battery life. unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players.the one problem that i've had with these tuners is that one of them had to be set to a-439 to tune pitches that other tuners recognized as a=440. strange. 4this was perfect i am very happy with the  hosa cfs606 6 inch right angle fx pedal cable, 6 pack! 5noisy as any compressor but after using it i don't wanna go back to not having one for my setup. 4definitely the best looper i've come across. lots of looping time; simple to use; unlimited overdubs.really can't go wrong with the ditto! 5this is my first real recording microphone. i really like it.  i use it to record vocal with my home studio setup and it does a good job 5not my style but they work ok. thought i would give them a try. shipping was quick and i know a lot of players that like them just not for me 3very well built cable and so far, no hum at all. exactly what i wanted. like the retro tweed look, and the sleeves that go under the ts jackets. quality product. i was getting hum from some of my cheaper cables. 5this unit is the perfect solution for people whose amps do not have mute switches for tuning. it has an absolutely silent mode that mutes for tuning without clicks or pops when switched in, and its bypass (tuner off) mode is totally transparent to tone. its 4 tuning modes make selecting one that works best for you extremely simple (i personally prefer full strobe). its tuning is quick and accurate, and it doesn't hunt for pitches like some tuners will, especially with a 6-string bass. its single 9-volt battery is only used when the mute/tuner mode is activated, so the battery should last a long, long time. the display is bright and clear. it's rugged, well thought out, solidly built, and simple.my only complaint is with the calibration mode: it's just a series of non-self-explanatory numbers that change when you hit the calibration button. its explained in the manual, but could be clearer. i'd buy this again without hesitation, though. 5i like this volume pedal because you can beat on it and drop it and kick it and misuse the hell out of it and it still works. why that's overly important in a volume pedal i'm not sure but this one is built like a tank and can stand the beating of regular gigging. it takes up a huge footprint on a board so i generally run it at the end of the chain and to the side but the large footprint allows for getting your whole shoe/boot on the thing and that is comforting while playing. overall the pedal has a good throw or travel to it and doesn't suck the tone like other volume pedals. good buy- 5the strap is adjustable on both ends, and the front adjustment slider sat right on my shoulder. i cut it off and glued the material back together with shoe-goo, and now it's great. padding and wide material make standing with a heavy bass a whole lot less tiring. 4just good ol' genuine fender parts. nothing to complain about here. i'm a stickler for the oem parts so i typically by only fender stuff. 5my frets were completely whited after using one of these sheets. i recommend using it togheter with a metal cleaner and you will return your frets to original factory bright. incredible! 5i replaced all the stock mounting screws that came with our sound rack cabinet with these, as they were nearly invisible with the black rails and mounting plates. the plastic washers also seem to protect the finishes better than metal washers on the equipment i mounted. inexpensive, and worth it. 5for what it's supposed to do, it works very well. i also have the medium size and that one fits a bit better i think. this is still usable, but it is for very big fingers. i think i have slightly fatter fingers than the average guy out there, but this still leaves some extra room. either way, it works well. it feels very sturdy and i'm not worried about it cracking anytime soon. for the price, it's a must have. 4monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. i initially purchased a pair ofmonster rock instrument cable - 21 feet - angled to straight 1/4-inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar i thought i'd pinch a few pennies.  i am so glad i did.i compared this cable model to the more expensive models i previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. i swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.what the more expensive model has going for it is looks. i am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. you may find, as i did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer. 5i expected this to come with a dc adapter. nowhere is it mentioned there wouldn't be any or i could have ordered one. the product is good, surprisingly loud. the bass is too much for the body and the battery cover sort of rattles (once the battery popped out by itself when i played a low e) but that's no issue. i have only used it with a 9v battery so far and noticed a continuous noise on a high gain. i hope that doesn't happen with an adapter. it's a nice little amp, good for carrying around. if you have long fingers, you can sort of hold it between your outstretched thumb and middle finger along it's height - it's that small! a guitar strap, a backpack and a 5ft cable and you could easily walk around the house playing it. the distortion it gives is good. not good for palm muting. this is nice for practising randy rhoads, the doors -type of rock where not many effects are used.also remember the dc adapter has a polarity outer ring + and inner -. many adapters come with the reverse of this polarity so make sure you check that before plugging in one. it's easy to change the polarity, open the box of the adapter and exchange (needs soldering, obv) the red and the black wire places! 4my review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. when i first got it i liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first i thought it was great. then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.after all of that i finally realized i was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.the thing happening with this amp i think is a few things. fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and i don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, i wanted anything but a strat body, unless i have a grand to pay for an older one, i'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and i would only get one after i got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people i've read the complaints i was trying not to realize, as i didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, but i did!and i am so glad i did. i almost got a peavey vypyr, and i am glad i didn't. this amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which i read on fender's own forum/website, fender acknowledges it exists, but does nothing to fix it in future models!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.i've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and i was like "what music snobs" and what have you. but i realized that i'm a music snob! i love the music i listen to more than anything, and feel like the music i create should have a life to it as well. so i returned the mustang 2 and almost got a marshall mg 30 watt, cause i wanted an amp with a clean sound that didn't have that crackle sound, but thankfully i caught myself before that return, as after that, it would have been final.the decision i did make i think will be great for me, as i'd rather start with a good real tone, then get the effects i need. i kept reading reviews of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying "throw away your pedals, you won't need them" and "i was going to get pedals, but don't need to now", that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! no matter what tweaking i was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.i think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and i've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but i needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.i think if i played this at a gc i wouldn't of gotten it, and i just tried to make myself like it. 1this is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! i am satisfied. 5i did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what i ordered. perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . this is why i give only 3 stars because is to small for me. 3pretty straight forward bench. i was surprised at how comfy it was at the price. good height, comfortable, id buy it again, no questions asked. 5the dunlop dual design straplock system is a sturdy, fairly easy-to-assemble and easy-to-install alternative to guitar straps slipping off of instruments.  the screws that are used to attach the straplok to the guitar are heavy gauge and pretty large--there's little chance that these are going to come out.  the locking mechanism seems like it is secure and should require little maintenance.  the only disadvantage of the dunlop system to schaller's system is that the the dunlop sticks out measurably farther from the guitar's body.  ordinarily, it seems like this should be only the most minor of inconveniences.  on an instrument such as a hofner "violin" bass, though, or any guitar with a strap button on the back of the instrument, this makes it difficult to hold the body of the instrument against your body for support.  schaller's strap locks might look a little more elegant to some players.  the dunlop straplok system is sturdy, should provide a long life of service, and can be found at a better price than several of its competitors.  recommended for most guitar body styles 4i ordered with my new guitar. these straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here. 5for the money they are great ,look nice are very easy to install .you will like them on the guitar. 5they play well and hold up well(never had one break) they are my second favorite pick. but this pick is better in some songs than my favorite. 4i have several of these straps in different colors and i've never been disappointed.  it holds my 11 pound les paul with no problems and the first one i bought has been through quite a few gigs and is still holding up strong.  if you like the design, go for it! 5i installed these on my 2000-ish epiphone les paul.  they provide a very noticeable upgrade and provide a true vintage look.  i can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending.  the ability to accurately tune and keep that tuning allows to play and sound better.  i should note that i had to drill new holes or, more precisely, enlarge the holes on my guitar.  i used a 3/8 drill bit and just went very slowly and carefully.  i'm sure the idea of drilling your guitar might sound scary, but it was actually quite easy.  now they are in there nice and snug since i made the holes a bit tight. 5good quality for my casual use.  i wouldn't use it on stage because of stability or weight related issues, it's too light. 4i needed a couple of extra boom stands instead of a regular stand for a couple of my cymbalsand set these up and i am pretty happy with them.. they could have been a litte taller, howeverthere pretty good duty and do a good job for the money.  you could do better however you willpay quite a bit extra.  i would buy more if i needed them. 4well made tube with good amount of gain and highs. excellent for cleans and crunch due to increased clarity. for high gain metal, however, i found that it's a bit too hairy. for instance, as v1 position in my preamp, it had a little too much trebly sizzle versus other tubes. for comparison, a sovtek has less of this "hair" and is tighter sounding but also has more of an upper mid-range fizz which can get annoying. in the end, i switched the tung sol with a ruby ac7 which was formerly in the v2 (overdrive) position, and that got me better articulation with less fizz. so ruby ac7 in v1, tung sol in v2 - that's been my best combo so far. 4i bought this because i bought a used martin d15m that didn't have a tuner built in, and it clips right on the neck and is easy to turn on. the cool led readout instantly tells you which string, and gives you the "green" when the string is in tune. this is a great little tuner and i recommend it. 5i hate winding strings. i got this to help with that. it does it job very well. you can string your guitar in a fraction of the time. it could be a little tougher but as long you don't give it hell it will be fine. great and cheap product! 5i ordered this pedal based on the previous 2 reviews, but to me it sounds very tinnie and cheap, plus the control knobs were a bit tight and hard to adjust. i do a have a few behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one i won't be keeping. to me, it wasn't even close to as good as the fender amp reverbs... 3great price and quality.  it is nice to not have to connect two pedals 6 inches away with a 10' cable. 5guitar picks make a huge part of your tone.  especially on acoustic.  these are the best acoustic picks on the market today in my opinion.  they have a long life and do brighten your tone.  freshening up the picks is easy just by rubbing them on your carpet or  carpet scrap to bring back the original shape. 5i bought it for my church and the drum sounds great... i love the quality and the sound... buy it without doubts 5all three of my kids have a guitar. they were always losing their picks. this pick holder is the neatest thing i have seen in a while! all of their picks fit snugly in it and it has adhesive on the back of it so it stuck nicely to the guitar. i highly recommend this pick holder to anyone who needs help keeping up with their guitar picks! 5i am happy with the strap button that i purchased, however they sent me the wrong one.  no big deal. 5i bought this two years ago for use with a takamine. it hasn't seen heavy use. it wasn't supposed to. it sits in a corner of the living room, holds the guitar securely, and doesn't cause problems. although it does make my ownership of a guitar more obvious, and my 91 yo neighbor was convinced for a year that i was drunk and  wailing away on the guitar at 3 am. at least, that's what she told the police.this stand is very similar to the slightly better selling musician's gear stand. they might actually be the same stand under different names. the pricing for both is very close if you consider shipping. if i were to buy a stand again, i would still get this one because it's available under prime. the other one isn't. that gives this stand more value.the stand is very easy to set up. the lower cradle is not fixed and adjusts itself to the appropriate position for your guitar. this took a little getting used to, but it does work very well. the padding on the stand does protect my guitar well. extended contact with the guitar surface has not caused any problems.given the very low price, this is an excellent choice for a living room stand. if you're on the road or performing, you might need something a bit different, but i can definitely recommend this for casual players like myself. 5very sturdy, high quality with little to no feedback, i use it for performing for my friends and they all love it 5i have the older version of this as well this newer one.  the older one is more responsive to various instruments that can be hard to tune this way, like banjos, mandolins.  sometimes this new one just won't &#34;hear&#34; the string being tuned unless it's 'encouraged'.  that wasn't the case with the first model.  it's not as completely accurate as some other headstock tuners but it will get your instrument quite close and then your ear should dictate.  the buttons can be easily confused until you are certain which one does what without looking at it. you could find the tuning being done several semi-tones below standard because you inadvertently touched one of the arrow buttons.  the older model has only two little buttons and not as many settings or choices.  and these won't clamp positively to some headstocks due to neck thickness at the nut, spacing between the tuners or the quantity of other things people want to clamp to the headstock.  but if you get it well clamped, it will stay there in the case or in use. 4i've used d'addario strings for a long time (been playing 20+yrs) and have always been satisfied with their tone. the balanced tension brings a new element to the game of guitar in that these are suppossed to be mathmatically matched to have the perfect degree of tension. do i fully understand how this works... nope, but they sure do sound good. their feel is a little more "snappy" than regular xl's in my opinion and they have nice clarity as well. their sound is bright, just like their xl cousins. i think it's more of a "feel" thing than a sound thing with these balanced tensioned strings. now if they could just disect the dna of my guitars and match the tension of the strings with my instruments...all in all a great product that i recommend to any electric guitarist. 5this capo is expensive, but i have never found one that works so well. it is worth the money in my opinion. 5i really like these things.  i don't stick tape and stuff to guitar body which if they do make a double sided tape similar to post it notes might be a good idea.  bought a few while back and just bought a few more.  if you drop a pick there is another right there.  have fun. 5a great little tuner. very accurate, easy to use and the batteries last the better part of a year. i bought 3 or 4 of these and i put in my gig bags or cases. at these prices you can afford to clip the on to all your instruments. 5i got this little guy for my spider iv 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. channel switching is a breeze, with almost no delay. the tuner works great as well, i tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. the wah volume pedal is very useful too, vol is good for fade ins or fade outs. the amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. and once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with voodo chile or bulls on parade. its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. overall though it's a good buy for your line 6 amp. 5it won't slip. it won't miss. it won't a guitar break. you can count on planet waves' quality. i like it's simplicity and reliability. - michael haller, 'captain soul's sound circus' 5i previously had the uca-202 and it worked great for me for a couple of years but i noticed the audio went dead in one of the rca phono input jacks (i had used those jacks previously with no issues). regardless, i liked the uca-202 so much that i got the uca222 to replace it without hesitation, plus as a bonus, it's purdier! :)  plugged it in just now, fired up the pc, the new uca222 started working immediately...no muss, no fuss!  for the money, i don't think you can find a better deal for enhancing your pc's audio versatility.  i don't know if i'll even bother with the included software as i use a great program called mixcraft (btw, check that out if you're looking for pc recording simplicity but sounds impressive as the other, costlier guys). anyway, two thumbs way up for the uca222! 5i purchase this because my older springs wont return to it original place leaving my guitar tuning a half step up or down when using the whammy bar, this fender springs work excellent and fit perfectly on my jackson dk2 ,  i'm using 3 springs right know and stay's in tune no matter the abuse.the only con on this product is that they are noisy, is not that you will hear it in a rehearsal with a band or a concert but you definitely will hear them when you are alone practicing. 4there's a reason every mic cabinet has at least one of these (and if it doesn't, it should).  this is a great all purpose dynamic mic, i use it for instruments, vocals, even field recording sometimes.  the sm58 has a frequency response that is supposed to be more tailored towards vocals, but that doesn't mean that the 57 can't handle a voice.  they're pretty much the same mic as far as i'm concerned, and for the average amateur recording engineer or home studio practitioner i think you'll find the same thing.  and if you're operating at a level where you refuse to use them interchangeably, then you probably already know what you're looking for.  i'll be getting a 58 to add to my personal cabinet soon, but if you're like me and wanted to spend more on a nice condenser before filling out your dynamic mics, you can't go wrong here. 5great strap button very solid, aluminum and is easy to get that leather strap hole slips in very easy... very pro. 4wanted a good compressor on the front of my signal chain for a pedalboard setup for electric guitar and this pedal is working great for my purposes at a good price. have it set for a little compression to smooth out and add some sustain to the signal before going into anything else and never turn it off. 5i purchased this compressor pedal kind of on a whim. i was looking at some nicer ones, and decided to give it a go for only $20. it came in the mail today, and i was surprised that basic-ness of the packaging. very little instructions at all actually.this does not ship with a 9 volt battery, and putting one in yourself is kind of a pain to change, as you have to get a philips screwdriver and unscrew 4 corner screws on the back to do so. (wish there was a plastic back, or thumb screw option)this pedal is really quiet, and not in a good way.don't expect to boost your signal level with it, with the makeup gain/output knob all the way up and the sensitivity all the way down, it was about the same volume as the original signal, only a little noisier.did not seem to be a tone sucker in the chain/add any noise when off. most compressors add a little noise or hiss when on, due to the nature of raising the noise floor.it also has a substantial treble boost/low cut going on. even with the sensitivity knob all the way down, it kills your low end. it is quite bright sounding.with that being said, it works wonders on single string/double stop stuff on the already trebley stuff played on the g, b, and e strings, and makes them sound tight and full.it does seem quite durable, the case isn't made of cheap plastic, which is a good thing.though not as rugged as some of the other pedals i would own.the switch and inputs seem a little cheap though, granted it was a $20 pedal.i feel using this pedal on tour might be a bad idea, however for home/non daily-use i could see it lasting a while.the led is really bright. almost so bright, that when you're looking to adjust the controls, it makes it somewhat hard to see what you're doing.all in all, if you're looking for a cheap compressor to boost your  treble strings and give em some extra punch, this may be the pedal for you, especially if you only have $20.if you're looking for a warm full bodied compressor, this is not the choice for you. you should really wait and get the mxr dyna comp for just a few bucks more. 3the planet waves capo looks like it should work a lot better than it did. i tried it on several guitars and made direct comparisons with several other capos. i used this capo on a gibson j40, hummingbird and a j-200. i played it finger style and strummed with a pick. the device is very well made and really looks like the best capo i own. however, the sound left something to be desired. there was fret buzz and the notes sounded lifeless, unless  i really cranked down on the adjustment - then is was still dull, but passable. it was a little better on electrics - i tried it on a les paul and a telecaster - it was ok, but not the best of the bunch. i do like the built in pick holder. to compare this i tried a g7 capo, kaiser and schubb. frankly, the only one i really am happy with is the schubb. 3this is a great padded case that fits my soprano uke just right.  i like to ride my bike and take my uke along. the small size means it fits my panniers just fine.  the thick padding protects the uke from bumps and scrapes.  the larger foam/nylon cases are nice and offer more robust protection but they don't fit into a shopping bag or backpack nearly as well.  highly recommended for the adventurous uke player. 5got the black one.  bought this to help hold up my heavy sheraton ii and needed something at least 2 inches wide and strong to do it.  on that level this strap succeeds. it is definitely strong enough to keep my guitar from falling off or shifting on my shoulder.  it also looks very nice.but any positive thoughts i have about it are outweighed by the constant shedding of black dyed leather that continually falls off the strap and onto me, my guitar, my carpets, etc.i need things like guitar straps to be ready to use without causing a shower of little leather bits all over the place!  i am not sure how long this will go on but i've been using it for two weeks now and there is a trail of small black leather wherever i go.  i have not encountered the dye running yet.honestly if i had it to do over, i would skip this particular strap. suede and me are not getting along too well at the moment. 3it's worth a few extra dollars and a little extra time to install these. it sure beats fixing a cracked neck, headstock, or guitar body after a guitar slips off the strap pins and falls for a great height! 5the surprise here is how they traded a little bit of diameter (the fatso part) for incredible flexibility (the other f-part).  looks great, no noticeable noise or signal loss.  a really nice change from stiff skinny rubber cords! 5i like the durability of it, and the on/off switch. it came with a carrying bag and a mic holder + adapter. its not as powerful and clear as i though it would be, but its far better than the other mics in the price range that i have used. i haven't tried this through a pa live yet. i just bought an helicon voicetone and im hoping it boosts it a little. im sure i will have this mic for years to come and hopefully i can spring for a better shure later on. 4i've bought quite a few guitar stands off of amazon in the past few years, and i've paid for the most expensive ones and the cheapest ones, and this is the best one i've found yet. very sturdy, well made, and fully height adjustable, with strong soft foam to protect your precious guitars from getting all scratched up. it states that cellulose finishes can be damaged, so at least it lets you know that ahead of time(most cheap stands don't), so that's a good thing as well. don't waste more money than you have to for a good quality stand, grab this one! 5many reviews cover the pro's of this item, so i'll be short only to add that they are very sturdy (when install properly...suggestion:  find a wall stud and use 3" screws for heavier instruments).used in our house to hang 2 acoustic guitars and 2 strat's.  haven't had an issue with any in the 4-5 months we've had them up.  on the electrics, we use the section of the bracket between the wall and the hook to hang the coiled guitar cable.the hooks are bendable and can adjust or adapt to virtually any style head and are grippy enough to keep slick finishes from slipping.wonderful simple product that makes displaying or storing your instruments stress free. 5there's not much to say about this pick. i like medium picks and this feels comfortable.they wear a bit faster than i would expect, but far rom being a problem. it may just be my style.the 12-pack seems a good balance between cost and quantity. 5i have never owned a straplock system prior to owning these dunlops, and boy am i amazed!  every straplock system i've used in the past, on friends' guitars, semi-permanently mounted the strap to the guitar - often with extra ties and all manner of things that made it impractical to detach the strap on a whim.  in contrast, these locks have a mechanism that make it trivially easy to pop the strap on and off - it's great!  better still, the hardware fit almost perfectly into my existing screw holes, making installation trivial.  and the new posts are so close in size and shape to the old ones that i think i could slap any strap onto my guitar in a pinch, using the posts like the oem ones.  this is a great system, and i would highly recommend it for anyone who uses a strap on any electric guitar. 5one of the best tuner's out there!!  it was shipped immediately and was in perfect working order!  very happy with this purchase. 5this little music stand folds up small enough (after some disassembly) to fit in a pouch less than 2 feet tall and 2 inches wide. once assembled, it stands straight and is more than sturdy enough for sheet music or most softbound books. the height is adjustable so you should be able to find a comfortable position whether you're standing, seated on a stool or in a chair. the angle of the tray is not adjustable. the legs are simple flat metal pieces and could be susceptible to being bent if you trip over it, so this might not be the best stand if you plan to keep it in one location. but for a portable stand, it's hard to find fault with this one, especially given the low cost. 5wow for the price u can not beat this pedal, i got this pedal to add a second guitar harmony to some of my songs wow it sounds awesome, probably the only note here is that when activate it i noticed that kinda lower the volume a little bit, i do not mind though and still give it 5 stars. 5i bought these strings after buying some elixir strings for my acoustic, which i was pretty happy with.  for my strat, however, these strings did not sound right from the start. after about a week i really started wondering if it was just in my head or if i really didn't have sustain that i thought i usually got from a new pair of strings.  i convinced myself that it was these strings that were causing all my problems, and i was right.  i put a pair of d'addario xl 9.5 (highly recommended for those players who can't decide between 9s or 10s) and was amazed at how much tone and sustain i was losing with these elixir strings.  i did feel like i could move up and down the fretboard easily with these strings, but the lack of sustain and tone have forced me to stay way from these electric strings permanently.  don't let the higher price on these strings entice you, go with a good set of d'addario or ernie ball strings for consistent long-lasting strings. 2i bought one of snark's "super tight" tuners and found it to be less then advertised. it will get you in tune, but this tuner does so much better of a job for a lot less. i am going to buy another so i have one in the studio, and one on my stage rig. buy it. it's a great little tuner! 5they cancel out sound just like they say they do and are comfortable. i have to take my glasses off when i use them, but other than that exactly what i thought they'd be when i ordered them. 4these cables are very good. the metal heads at both ends are of excellent quality and you can unscrew the grip to change the pins. there is no play when i plug these into my guitar nor are they too tight- that is, the pin diameter is perfect! there's also a white protective hard paper at both ends to prevent internal short due to fatigue (which is how i lost the last two cables and which would be expected from daily guitar practice) 5i went a long time convincing myself that i didn't need these.  i had numerous times when my strap would come undone - fortunately never during a performance.  these solved the problem.  i still check, but they just won't pull out or release. 5i like this very much,because i can't love a polypropylene guitar strap,,,if you have a neck and a guitar,then you are in business!!! (you really can't ask more than that from a strap) it feels fine,and if you have a bedazzler you can write your name on it...me, not so much,i'll just leave it hang!!! 4as title says:1) high action2) inadequate loudness for pickingi compared this to the mitchell md100 and think the mitchell is very good for it's price.you can compare both at guitar center. 3this is a simple loop effects pedal which makes awesome quality loops and unlimited dubs.  you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome. 5this little fellow is well built out of mostly steel and is heavy for its size. the locking knobs do their job without fail and i don't have to over crank them to get them to hold. i use it sitting on top of my table which holds my computer, recording interface and all the other stuff i use for recording. it adjust perfect for vocals and i drop it down if i want to use it for recording my acoustic guitars without using a pickup. same with my violins. i get a different sound recording through a mic than i do a pickup.the base is heavy and will hold a mic with the boom extended all the way. you must turn one foot in the direction of use to get a full extension but with a minute retraction, it will stand securely in any direction. i set it where i want it then just swing it out of the way till i need it. i have used it sitting on the floor by my chair and reaches fine for vocals or acoustics. it's just more accessible on the desk. this would work fine for drummers.i would recommend this to any of my critical buddies. thanks 5this is a great value. i contacted the company for measurements inside the case to see if it would fit an ibanez rg series. it fits perfectly. thank you 5great strings and they seem to hold their sound a long while. i&#8217;m not sure why a few people are putting these strings down; i&#8217;ve used them numerous times without any issues. they last as long and sound as good as any other brands i&#8217;ve played. 5this will work for just about everyone...but i prefer the walker williams brand...but these work fine easy to get strap locks on...will keep on the side for next guitar...you shouild be happy. enjoy 4there are two ways guitar strings go bad. if you leave them on long enough, the steel cores and bronze windings will actually corrode- but that takes months, if not more. before that happens, grease from your fingers, dust, bits of skin, and other detritus from the environment gets into the strings, between the windings. this interferes with the free vibration of the strings and deadens the sound. back when strings were a lot more expensive, some guys used to take their strings off the guitar and regularly clean or even boil them; some bass players still do. coated strings are a simpler alternative.these strings and similar ones like elixirs have a thin polytetrafluoroethylene coating bonded to the wrappings, which accomplishes two things: first, it creates a barrier between the atmosphere and the metal wrap, which prevents rust and corrosion. second, it provides a physical barrier that prevents contamination from getting in between the windings. the strings stay fresher sounding two or three times as long as standard strings. they do sound just a bit less bright than the equivalent uncoated strings, but it's not a huge difference, and after a month or two they still sound the same.they also cost about twice as much as equivalent non-coated d'addarios. are they worth it? that depends. if you're an active performer, maybe. you're probably changing strings for every performance to make sure you're getting a bright sound. you're probably also buying your strings by the box. there's no real benefit to these strings. where they really pay off is for the casual player who may not have a few dozen spare sets handy. these days i'm strictly a hobbyist who might play publicly once or twice a year. i have four acoustic guitars, and some of them may go go for a month or more without being played. with coated strings, i can leave a set on a guitar, and a month or two later i can pull it out of the case and it's ready to play. i still change strings if i'm going to be playing in public, but for guitars that spend most of the time sitting around the house, these are great. 5it's not a thing of beauty so if looks is what you are after then this wall mount isn't for you. if you are looking for a solid, easy and convient place to hang your guitar where it won't get stepped on or kicked over then this is for you. it works great to hang a standard size guitar on. there is a little wiggle room left so a oversize may fit but i am not sure. it has a soft foam cover over the steal arms to protect your guitar, hangs by the neck where the head stock curves out so the tuning pegs aren't bumped and hangs straight, just touching the wall with the body. i recommend it. 5apparently one can never have too many guitars, and with this stand you can keep three of them ready for immediate access.  very stable.  the auto-locking heads rock!  folds-up pretty compact for travel.  the optional carry bag is a must imho. 5this is a good micro-fiber cloth, but i guess because its from ernie ball it costs more than other clothes.  but if you are like me, its all about my axes, i have one in each gig bag/case!  i don't recommend using with polish, just a wipe down after each guitar or bass use. 4nothing special. just like every other strap of its kind. i compared it to other poly straps i have and it's ok. no better and no worse. price was good. it took a long time to come. leather ends seem ok. i mention that because it appears to be the main complaint..i'm using it as a spare so it should be ok. i'm a little disappointed. i'm used to a higher quality from eb products. it is very adjustable and should be able to be used by nearly everyone. i don't perform a lot of antics on stage, it's just me and the axe. i don't expect any problems. hope this helps. small &#34;thumbs up&#34; to amazon. 3fits nicely and tight on standard wide threaded microphone stands. if you have the smaller "screw headed" ends on your microphone stand, you can get a little threaded adapter at any music store for next to nothing. (maybe a dollar, if they don't just give it to you.)using this with stands that have a heavy round base takes up less space onstage and other places, as well as making it easy to relocate and keep out of the way.no need for a tripod stand with the legs folding up and out, getting in the way, plus most inexpensive tripods are cheaply made, very light and will break easily when moving gear or simply tripping over them.the base screws down all the way onto the stand until it is hand tight.the set screw allows for tilting and turning adjustment of the camera.the set screw presses against a ball-socket hinge and has a plastic thumb knob that seems a little fragile. i am very careful not to over-tighten in fear of twisting off the plastic thumb tightening knob.i am also leery of stripping the set screw or the threads inside the housing, but at this price i guess you can't expect to have a sophisticated adjustment mechanism, eh?there is a notch in the side of the housing to allow for a 90-degree preset angle.the metal thumbscrew that attaches the base of the camera to the adapter has a rubber washer as well as a thin rubber mat acting as like a cushioning gasket when tightened to your camera.be careful. the metal thumbscrew can easily fall out from the holding plate when transporting, removing or switching cameras. i found a little 'plastic threaded washer-like ring' that screws onto the holding plate screw when not in use. you could easily find many types of washers, screws, plastic pieces, etc., to hold it in place when in storage or transport. you could also leave it attached to your camera. either way, be careful not to let it fall out and get lost.overall the "little thing" is quite solid, heavy and sturdy and takes up little to no real estate and does a great job at being small, basic, solid and inexpensive.it holds well when bumped or moved. mine has absolutely "no slop" in it, does not wobble or come loose. i would not put a larger sized 8mm camera or heavy camera on this adapter. most modern devices will do just fine.again, just make sure you tighten it up 'just enough' to hold it well. don't put the grip of hercules on it and it should last for years. mine has.i'm happy with mine and bought our drummer one for christmas.hope this helps! 4i've been using dunlop nylons for almost as long as i've been playing guitar (twenty one years now). i find the .60's are just a bit too thin, but for more chord strumming style playing, such as playing rhythm, the .73's are perfect. they are flexible, but not flimsy. the tips will wear down after a while as with all picks. i estimate that a solid thirty to forty hours of playing is all you'll get with a pristine tip. however, they're definitely still usable after that. one other advantage these picks have is that they never break. so, i dont see how you can go wrong. 5i have tried coated strings in the past ( including elixirs) and have never been very fond of them. whenever i tried them i felt a certain disconnect from my guitar. somewhat reminiscent of wearing condom. not that i hated them, just didn't really love them. these are the best ones i've tried so far. i still don't like them as much as regular strings but because of the type of gigs i mostly do these seem to be a reasonable trade off. if you need a longer lasting string for whatever the reason these are really the best out there. after a dozen or so gigs with them, they still sound the same as when i put them on. 4i got this to install it on a podium. it is perfect. the construction is very sturdy, and it always stays in place. get it, if you need one. 5i've just got the shure sm58 microphone.as expected, this is a real workhorse of microphones; the sound is clear, crispy, robust, high quality product.also, i've bought it at amazon and they sold through j&r; music and computer world which is an excellent supplier. they shipped in less time than expected.i'm a really happy customer now. 5a nice little amp to rock out with... so it may not be what professionals use or anything like that but it gets the job done which is all i asked. 5just a great strap. a straight up product well worth the money. man, it's good to buy something from someone who puts their name, labor, and product on the line. then delivers! here it is..you want it, come get it. can't miss dealing like that. thank you. 5these tuners look and feel great. i used them on a warmouth neck that i purchased for my strat build. it was kind of a pain having to drill the 2 holes for the prongs on each tuner, but that is the way it is designed. they would be a suitable replacement for fender tuners should one ever break.the gold hardware looks awesome on my guitar. 5to be honest i'm not metal guitarist but i do love metal music and as far as playing goes i love bluesy solos with lots of distortion. i decided to get this pedal because it was electro harmonix, one of the best names in the business. and for the fact it was cheaper than most. i'm very pleased with the pedal and couldn't be happier. 5ok i don't have much to say, just i love it because its cheap nice and i don't know i just feel happy to buy this product 5this stand is useful for small instruments..fits my tenor uke and violin just fine.  any bigger than that, and the piece that holds the neck becomes too small (like a baby martin guitar), etc.  hope this helps 5got this based on other reviews, especially one who took the time to really expound on it.  i used it for recording a cassette to computer, but i really bought it to use to interface my mixing board with my computer.  should work just fine.  the seller was fast, getting it to me over 2 weeks ahead of the projected arrival date.if you've used other behringer equipment, you may or may not be impressed with their quality.  just remember, that although they may be engineered in germany, they are made in china.  enuf said.  this particular unit seems to be built pretty well, but time will tell. 5for the price, this box works just as well as as any expensive one would. just put in a 9v battery and it works right away. three knobs to control tone, level and distortion to get that perfect sound. i do recommend you get a power adapter, because this eats us batteries like crazy. i accidentally left it on for a few hours and the juice was all dry, batteries are expensive, get the power supply. overall, this is a good budget buy, you won't need to money for quality with this. 5item is as described. you receive 3 felt picks, plus a bonus ant hill music pick. (mine was purple) picks were defect free, but the bonus pick was noticeably dusty from the felt picks, which a clean moist cloth will easily fix. but because the picks were a bit dusty it could transfer to your instrument. none the less the picks make my uke sound louder but you may be hearing the pick a little bit. but over time this starts to disappear. the picks are pretty comfy to hold. 4there are some more compact units out there (like planet waves), and the intellitouch pt10 is a little clearer to read, but this baby is great for the price. i leave it on my strat while i play as it can be easily turned on/off as needed and stays relatively hidden behind the head stock. the back lighting is clear enough and the tuner is as accurate as my foot switch tuner. overall, great deal for the price. 5i use this tuner to tune up my violin.  other tuners i've tried using the vibration setting had difficulty feeling the &#34;e&#34; string vibrations thus making it hard to tune.  this tuner does an excellent job feeling and showing all 4 strings. 5this planet waves tri-action capo is easy to use, and features a micrometer adjustment knob to custom fit the capo to your specific guitar neck, a feature i've never seen on a capo before. it worked excellently on several guitars i tried it on (all with light/extra light guage strings), with no fret buzz or noticeable detuning after removal. the pick holder on the end of the clamp is a nice feature too.i recommend this capo without reservation. 5if you are like me, my research for a guitar connection to my ipad left me with choosing between the iriffport and the jam.  i recently purchased, and then returned, the iriffport.  i am very pleased that i purchased the apogee jam as a replacement.  here are the reasons why:1) the connector on the iriffport (the one that goes into the ipad) is not a strong connection at all; it feels as though it could disconnect at any time.  i have a stand to put my ipad on when jamming such that the ipad is in landscape mode, so the cord feels as though it will come out of moved the wrong way.  with the apogee jam, the connector is just like the ipad's connector, except it also has the "prongs" that come out of it, securing the connector into the ipad.  to remove the connector from the ipad, you need to squeeze the buttons on the connector to make the "prongs" go in so it can be removed...very, very secure.  i use the "gumdrop" case on my ipad, which has a flap that goes over the charging port when not being used.  this flap feels pretty tawt when it is open while the charging port is being used.  important:  if you have such an ipad case, like me, i certainly feel that the jam will provide a much more secure connection to your ipad over the iriffport.  in fact, the structure of the iriffport connector was so large, that i felt that it did not fit well through my case.  on the other hand, the jam's connector is the same small size as the ipad's original connector.  this is also something to consider if you intend to use your ipad in portrait mode on a stand with the connector on the bottom of the ipad.2) probably the largest reason i prefer the jam over the iriffport:  you can hear sound directly from the ipad.  with the iriffport, you must use headphones or attach external speakers.  i tried headphones with the iriffport and playing the guitar was very awkward.  nonetheless, with the jam, i could attach headphones or external speakers to the ipad if i chose to do so.  i wanted something that could make my ipad an amplifier for easy mobility around my house, without having to purchase another amplifier or external speakers.  with the jam, i have this.3) the jam has a gain meter (i.e., an led) and a gain control.  the iriffport does not.  when not being used to measure the level of the incoming audio, the led lets you know if you are connected to the ipad, but not to any software (blue light), or if you are connected to the ipad and to a software application (green light).  there are no batteries needed for the jam or the iriffport.4) i personally like that i can use my own guitar cord with the jam.  if the cord breaks, i simply replace the cord, not my ipad connection device.  the iriffport uses its own cord, and the connection to my guitar did not feel as strong as my "normal" guitar cable i used with the jam.5)  although a fairly minor point, it is nice to know that the jam is advertised by apple (look at their website and their garageband video).  and, since i have garageband on my ipad, i was pleased to see that the advertising material on the jam states specifically that it works with garageband.so far, i'm very pleased with the jam. 5i love this it's do fun to play with. every pedal that i buy of joyo amaze me. they are well built with a sound that is beautiful for that price. i'm sold out on joyo pedals. 5i already owned a stainless version of this capo with a roller instead of the plastic tip on the adjuster screw. i like that one more and overall quality seems better on it, even though pricing was similar when i bought the first one. and the rivets on this one allow the parts to move sideways so they don't line up just right. but when i put it on a guitar it seems to line up okay, and that's the important part. 4while the sound improvement is not huge with my guitar, it didn't need to be. when it comes to music, it is&#34; that little extra&#34; that makes the difference. the planet waves o-ports gives me that extra. i have no doubt it will continue to please me for many,many years to come. 5if you want u2 kind of sounds then this is a good entry into this type of sound. thing i dont like is a poping sound when you tunr the time knob. for the price and home use its a good pedal for someone on a budget. 4i bought my first set a long time ago and they were perfect! then i re-ordered and i got what i think was an acoustic type because they were the same 2.0mm gauge but were too small for me to comfortably hold, so i just ended up with two dozen wasted picks. so just make sure you get the right one.12.5.11 update: okay, so i just realized that there are "dunlop stubby picks" and then there are "dunlop big stubby picks" sorry... 5there is a reason this is the number one best selling guitar effect pedal on the market.  the tube screamer just works.  :-) 5i ordered this pedal for my casio keyboard and it works great. it has a realistic feel to a piano and appears to be made of quality matterial. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great 5have these on my tele, very interesting to play around with. i bought the regular gauge first and usually use pink slinkeys on all my electrics, the regular chromes where like telephone wires compared to my regular gauge so i bought these instead. these were a lot easier to play and more like my slinkeys. they still are heavier and you can really feel it when bending but they add a completely different feel to playing guitar and your tone. when playing these i tend to play more sixties inspired, the flats help capture that surf guitar tone which is really cool. i really like them but they are completely different and i wouldn't recommend them to everyone. as far as cq goes these are great, no problems, feel great, sound great. 5if you are a beginning guitarist, like myself, you probably can't tell one note from another. this product does all the hard work for you easily, quickly and accurately. the only thing i needed to know but didn't was that if you get a reading of g and you need to make the reading b for the b string, the notes follow the alphabet from a to g and then begin again. so you are turning in the right direction from g if the next note is a. the one after a will be b. seems simple enough if you know anything about music. i didn't. 5works well since i got it. i didn't change battery for more than 6 months. 5my rhythm guitar player recently dropped and broke his sg because of no strap locks. i bought him a set of these. i use them because unless you standardize you need a separate strap for every set of locks. this eliminates that issue and is short money next to a guitar repair. 5i've owned the same one for 10 years and it's still going strong after many gigs. the spring tension is just right. 5i bought this strap for a esp ec-1000 les paul style guitar.  i was a little apprehensive before ordering considering the cheap price. when i got the strap i was impressed. the locks work perfectly and fits my guitar. the back of the buckles are covered with foam so that they don't harm the finish on your guitar. locks are solid and ratchet closed with a release button to open. it's not going to unlock on you. strap would be more comfortable with a shoulder pad as the strap is nylon with no padding. good strap for sitting down or playing standing short gigs with a light guitar. long shows with a heavy axe might not be too comfortable. 4bought these for my son's electric guitar.  he loves this brand!  they sound great and seem to last longer than other brands.  price is great! 5i quite like the sound of this thing, running through a crate acoustic guitar amplifier. it sounds really natural, and it's easy to dial in a nice sound. it's hard to hear it while you're playing; you're better off dialing in a sound while someone else plays for you, or trusting someone else to set the amp. like most of these kinds of pickups, it's quite susceptible to feedback, so you can't get out in front of the amplifier and listen. not a slam on the product-that's just the nature of the beast. i'm an honest to goodness terrible violinist, but i got this to help me teach a large group of elementary school children. it's a beginner class, and hearing the right sound is really helpful. it works great. i don't turn it up very loud-just a little bit of extra push so they can hear me in the back of the room. i hate the &#34;short&#34; cord, and i wish i could use a regular instrument cable, but i can understand that they don't want a lot of weight pulling on your violin. but the cord length means you have to sit pretty tightly on top of your amplifier-unless you use some kind of little pre amp. in fairness, the cord is a reasonable length, but i'm quite tall, so it's 5' of cable just to get straight up to my shoulder. 4first saw on youtube video, how genius? a pick that stays in hand... makes me wonder how ever played without them...small price for big help! 5this behringer compressor sustainer compare's to the boss cs-2 the behringer sustaining is excellent and a tone, compression level is very good and all for $25.00 , not putting down the boss, but for this price you can't go wrong. 5excellent simple product. fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves. 5removes grime and such. makes surfaces very smooth(i don't know how it works individually, i used it with gerlitz cleaning spray). it works well with cleaning spray. 5my son and daughter love playing with this mic and stand. it comes with a cord that has a standard 1/4 inch end. i plugged it into a small guitar amp. they use it mainly to sing along with their cds/mp3's. note that this is not really a mic i would use in my studio - it is more of a toy to be honest, but a quality toy for a young child. in that regard i give it five stars. 5way better than stock strings that i received with my fender acoustic.  i am a beginner guitar player, but i was definitely able to hear a much brighter tone and it felt a little better on the fingers. 5if you thought a pick is a pick (like i once did long ago) you would probably come to realize that it would be a mistake to assume that position as your playing and playing strength increases in attack and/or complexity.i use the dunlop tortex 1.14mm purples.early on in my playing i was using thin to medium picks but read in a guitar magazine along with hearing from several friends that a heavy pick is better. why? after messing about i found that the player is able to fully control the pick and not let the pick interfere with input and attack.  the interference with a thin or medium pick is that it has give, or slackens when attacking hard. with a heavy gauge pick that lack of rigidity or slack is only introduced by the player and not through the picks flexibility.i tried it and liked it and have been using heavy gauge picks since the mid '80's.i like the dunlops feel, grip, and durability. they hold up for a very long time. how long? i have had some last a few years. they are an incredible bargain given the long lasting durability.my students use them too, i don't demand it, but i do stress the control aspects with picks of different gauges.highly recommended. you won't be disappointed. 5buy this. it's cheap and better than fuzz pedals that cost 6 times as much. it can go from a clean boost to a slight octave up fuzz that has to be heard.....amazing sounds! 5does as described and really enhances your tone. good breadth of tonal variations available. only negative, and it's not huge, is that it can get a little noisy when the presence is increased beyond half. i was using a bass with two single coils which makes noise more of a challenge to begin with. 4i bought these d'addario strings after going back and forth between 9s and 10s and have really come to like these sizes.  they keep a nice, slinky feel and keep a lot of tone through many hours of playing.  i'm really happy with this d'addario purchase! 5i really like this over the capo that came in my guitar bundle from austin bazaar, so after some research online and talking to friends, i bought this capo.it goes on easily,comes off easily and does not mar the finish of my guitar. downside, seems like it does not put enough pressure on all the strings. i will play with it some more and see how i like it over this weekend.let me know if i am missing something about this capo that i should know. thanks! 4the keyboard bench is lower than i anticipated.  the seat is very soft and comfortable.  however, it doesn't appear to hold anyone with excess weight. 3i'd suggest that this is not for beginners. more for the intermediate musician. it is not something you are going to understand at first. the learning curve is moderate. other than that, quite useful and durable. 5i can't believe i never thought of buying colored cables before. i often move all my microphones from one drum set to another depending on what i'm recording and now i don't have to use masking tape and write what each microphone is for, i can just look at the color and i'm all set. 5i bought these heads almost a year ago and after countless band practices and gigs, the same heads i bought over a year ago are still sounding great and haven't torn. these heads are amazing and a very good investment. make your kit sound very professional and i just love em to death. definitely recommend these heads to people looking for new heads 5this is a superb tremolo pedal: [1] its dials allow for enormous control of the effect. [2] it's very sturdy--an often-noted feature of boss pedals. further, [3] it's utterly easy to use, [4] allows for both 9v battery and power supply/adapter operation, and, most important of all, [5] it delivers beautiful tremolo. (note: it comes with a 9v battery installed, but it does not come with a power source/adapter.) if the price is more than you're willing to pay, consider the danelectro cool cat tremolo. this also delivers good tremolo, but it does not allow for as much sound-manipulation as the boss product; it's still quite good, but the boss takes the prize. i paid about $75 for mine and have zero regrets. 5elixir coated strings were by far my favorite strings for my acoustic guitar. d'addario has finally made a string that is comparable to and maybe a little tiny bit better than the elixir's.these are very nice bright strings. the coating is incredibly subtle, almost impossible to feel on the strings. i like that. compared to elixir's these are a bit brighter, with good feel.call me old school, i hate the packaging. these strings are packaged in three two string loops inside a single plastic bag. ah, you know i'm just so used to strings that are individually looped. two strings looped together makes a mess while i'm restringing a guitar - when i unwrap that pair, i've got a string that has to sit out unwrapped on the bench. the neat freak in me hates that. i also dislike that the strings are in one plastic bag. yeah i get it; they are trying to be more environmentally responsible. but darn it, 6 paper envelopes? it feels to me like they are just trying to cheapen up the packaging materials, not some environmental cause. 100% post-consumer recycled paper adds very little to the environmental load.i know d'addario loves the color coded ends. on my acoustic guitar that's irrelevant, the ends are hidden inside the guitar behind the pegs. on my electric guitars, i don't like the look at all. i prefer gold or silver rings at the end. if the strings are in individual labeled packages, there's no need for the colors.d'addario loves the color coded end rings so much, they do a horrible job color coding and simplifying their packaging. i have yet to decode their colors or naming system.i normally use 10 gauge strings in my acoustic guitar. i tested these at 12 gauge and am surprised how much i like them. the slightly thicker string is not bad.oddly these strings are priced almost the same as elixir's. my reason for using the original d'addario strings is low price - if somebody is doing gigs nightly, those uncoated strings are the only way to go. strings end up being changed long before corrosion becomes an issue for the gigging musician. for the home enthusiast, coated strings make a ton of sense, they do last longer. i think they are worth the premium price. now there are two choices for excellent coated strings.in the end, the packaging, the color coded end rings, the crazy package coding, and the double looped strings all mean nothing once the strings are on the guitar. what they sound like and play like is the most important thing. and in that regard these are excellent strings. 5i been using these for over thirty years and they have always served me well.i like 11s because for me it has a nice balance between strong steady sounding power chords while the top end is slinky enough to play leads hence the power slinky name. 5having a neck-heavy epiphone sg g-400, i really like this strap because it is not only comfortable but also provides enough friction to keep the guitar in place without much effort. leather straps are good, too, but they tend to slide off the strap button. 5i recently ordered a wide variety of picks to find the ones i liked best. these sounded different "gel" picks. i do not like them. being see through distracts me. they are a little scratchy on the edges. perhaps a more experienced guitar player would do fine with them but being at the stage where i am still looking at what i am doing - i just can't use them well. 3this fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. it sounds great and i like the headphone and mp3 player hookups. good value. 5i bought these xlr cables for my mobile dj rig and they perform flawlessly.  the contruction is of high grade material and the signal is of studio quality.  buy with confidence. 5it's the tube screamer of delay pedals. i use mine primarily to thicken up my tone, and definitely would miss it if it were not on my board. i have used it for situations that call for deep delay, and love the mod function which can get pretty spacey... i fall back on a ehx memory man chained to an anaolgizer for a sick ping pong between the 2 delays in experimentation sequences, but when playing blues or thrash, i use it as tone beef only. low settings not too echo-ey, more like a bass'd out reverb.there are literally a million different ways you can use this pedal, and it is a testament to it's versatility that it pops up on so many pedal boards in so many different genres.hey - stop reading this and order it! now!!!! 5how do you review an sm58?? i've used these most of my life, and will continue to. very durable, i got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) i also use a d5 (akg - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup. 4love these picks. have used them for years. feel very firm yet still flex when needed and last forever. highly recommend. 5i bought these for my teen son who plays the bass. he absolutely loves them and they seem to be lasting a good while as well. nice sounds. 5i had for years been using elixir strings on mywashburn d10simply because i was accustomed to them and saw no sense in making a switch. i'm glad i tried out these d'addario strings. these strings are an excellent complement to my washburn, which has mellowed out over the years. they are a fair bit cheaper but has a tonal quality that rivals that of the elixir strings. i can't speak to the manufacturers claim of "4 times more life," but as of now, i'd have to say these strings are a fantastic value for your money. highly recommended. 5this is an interesting, limited effect pedal. i bought it mainly to use with my (non-pedal) steel guitar. on a pedal steel you can bend notes with the pedals and levers, and most steel players use a volume pedal to do swells. however, i play standing up and manipulating the volume pedal was difficult to control because of balancing on one foot and the sensitivity of some of the pedals.this pedal gives a simulation of the volume swells that give steel guitar that distinctive sound. it's sort of like an automatic wah in the way it works. since the steel is always being played by picking the individual strings (no chording), this pedal works along with that technique. i combine it with a sustainer to make the swells extend a little, and it gives a fair approximation of using a volume pedal to swell the notes.i tried this with regular guitar, but it's not the same. for chords, it does add an effect, but it's not very distinctive, and for single notes, it would depend on the song. i haven't really found many instances where it's useful there either, as i normally don't want volume swells for solos on guitar, but on steel guitar, it works very well. 4this is a simple and cheap way to hook your pedals together on your board. i have bought 2 packs of these and have only had one go bad on me. note that they are cheap and are not the quality of, say, george l's cables. that being said, they also don't cost $70. can i hear a tonal difference between these cords and my more expensive ones??? not really. people who say they hear tonal loss with some cords are scrutinizing the imagined auditory experience. why only four stars??? because i wish they were all one color and not a rainbow of colors. it does look dorky on your board to have a bunch of different colored cords. but, that's my opinion. 4the capo design makes for a quick and easy install on the fretboard.  what i like most is that the padded arm is thin and keeps out of the way of your playing.  highly recommended! 5i just needed this for my new guitar. from the looks of it, it complements the instrument well. i am happy with it. 5these bright sounding strings are easy to play, hold up well and rarely break.  one of my favorite strings for my les paul.  i tend to go with ernie ball super slinky's on my strat, but these would probably sound nice on a strat as well. 4my son uses this for practicing at home with his electric bass (jazz band) and his standup bass (chamber orchestra). it is solid, yet flexible in height and angle. assembly was a breeze. this is the classic music stand in schools and is also excellent for home use. built like a tank. should last forever and can be passed down to the next generation of musicians in the family. 5i only do test recording with this digitally to get a better idea of my learning process from the other side. it gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw i have. 5i've been using this for my 'beater' guitar, and it has done just fine in the back of my car, etc. it isn't bulletproof, but you'd have to pay a lot more for airline level protection anyway. medium padding and a decent sized zipper pocket, more than i expected for the price. 5they work no issues handy to have on hand. dont know what else to say they are screws they fasten thongs in place 4excellent sound quality.very functional and easy to work with.small enough to take along.it is my most used gear in my life right now. i don't want anything else. 5i've had this strap for at least a year now, and it still works so well. goes great with my guitar too! 5in my house, i don't have to play quietly when rehearsing.... but when i really want to play along with a song and put some 'volume' to it, i can do it now without even a concern for our dogs, the neighbors, or my wife.  this device, as the product description tells you, allows you to plug it into your bass, plug your earbuds or headphones into it, set the volume and gain controls to suit, and play away in complete quiet to the rest of the world.  in addition, and this is the best part, there's a 1/8&#34; jack on this device that allows you to plug an mp3 player into it so you can play along with music of your choice.  i rehearse often with this thing.  you might think negatively about this device considering the fact that you can't control all the tone parameters like you can when rehearsing through your bass amp.  that's true.  but, the big thing is being able to use it for what it was designed for and all the ways it makes rehearsing simpler (less equipment-complicated) and quiet when necessary (lots of households have that need for quiet that don't always blend well with your rehearsal schedule, etc).  i paid $50 for it, and it works great,...worth the money for certain. 5well behringer!!!,, have to say that the electronics are german mind,, with all that says ,, go figure it out for yourself,, other then that !!.. plastic so i give 4 stars, cuz of the soft plastic case, and the trouble of changing batteries,, but u can use the charger and u will be well off.. sound is really awesome for the money , and it is high standard delay time and sound,, i don't think u can get the german quality anywhere else for 30 bucks,, i say buy it it is a great delay pedal,, and not only the delay most all behringer effects are sounding great for the money,, can not go wrong.. 4i really like this little tuner is is maintenance free, small light and easy to use.  highly recommended for the price. 5great strap, durable and good lookin. it works great for me, i like this type of strap's, simple & durable. try one. 5this snark tuner is a very clever gadget that is simple to use (even for my children) and works well. the display is easy to understand and is very accurate (confirmed by our guitar teacher's meter). the snark also has protective grips so it will not damage the guitar finish.everything should be this easy to use and work this well!highly recommended!cfh 5i lost my trusty slide and really miss it. the dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. if it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. my old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. the dunlop is well made, as expected. it's just not the antiques roadshow model i had in mind. hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name. 4i've been a gigging musician for almost 20 years, and this is the most well made, most comfortable guitar/bass strap i've ever used.pros:- substantial padding where you need it- perfect stitching- heavy, stiff leather ends- soft, fine-woven material - not the coarse nylon you find in most cheap straps- underside is lined with an even softer material - makes the strap comfortable even without a shirt on- did i mention it's super comfortable?cons:- none to speak of.  seriously.  it's that phenomenal.perfect whether you're rocking a featherweight strat or a 16-pound 6-string bass.i use it with a 13-pound 5-string warwick bass, and it makes it feel like the bass is a part of me.  i hardly notice i'm actually wearing it.combine this strap with a decent set of strap locks, and it could easily last you 10 years.you will not be sorry with this purchase. 530 feet of cable for what i paid for a 10 footer from my local guitar shop.i highly recommend! 5for years i played the original cry baby, the vox wah, and others i can't remember names of. i was always on a quest for a good wah sound that i just couldn't find. i didn't want to spend $600 on a wah with a rack. so at the recomendation of a studio engineer i purchased this wah about 5 years ago. i am very pleased that i followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah i was looking for. the greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable. the user dials in the frequency sweep they want. the volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix. i recomend this wah pedal over all the others, especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking. 5i use it every day at work, i use it in my guitar classes.. easy to use and perfect size... 5i replaced the strings on my electric and tuned it. . . once.normally, after tuning new strings for the first time, i break them in by rigorously bending them, using the whammy bar and tugging on them then i re-tune them. i rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. not with these strings. tuned them once, no breaking in.it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. they also sound good with any settings i use.i bought two sets. 5i've never had a problem with these patch cables. i'm running 6 pedals and no issues like crackling or cutting out.one thing that is important to note is that i'm not hard on my gear. i'm a home noodler, so i can't say if these patches can take road/stage abuse and lots of setup/tear-down cycles. they seem pretty buff and capable, but i can only report what i've experienced. 5this is a great package for beginners. i never played a ukelele before but i learned to play guitar many years ago.  i have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so i downloaded an app called "easy ukelele" available in amazon and google playstore for free.  that is the only ukelele tuner i can recommend for beginners as it actually listens to your ukelele and tells you when your device is in tune. i purchase this as gift to my son's 5th birthday that is coming up in 2 weeks so i have not yet preview the dvd and cd that came with it. i did however, checked and played with the ukelele while my son is at school, sleeping or playing outside to make sure that it is properly working when he open the box on his birthday and before the return period runs out.my review:1. the package: the box comes with the ukelele, beginners manual, dvd, cd, carry pack, and 2 extra set of ukelele strings. tuner is not included so i advise that you either buy a tuner or download the "easy ukelele" app i mentioned above.2. the ukelele:  the ukelele looks and feels decent. it has a sticker that says made in china. it comes pre-strung but it is out of tune.  i tuned it using the app i downloaded but it would not hold a tune. it is very bad that the sting gets out of tune before you even finish tuning all the other strings.  basically, the ukelele sounded like an out of tuned toy when you first take it out of the box and even after a few adjustments.  since the string is nylon, i gave it a chance to settle. i would tune it really sharp and leave it alone for at least 10 minutes or more then pick it up and strum on it and push the string from side to side.  i actually position the tuner pegs horizontally so i can see if it is moving when the string gets more tension. the tuner pegs stays in place so i know that the problem is with the string.  it could be that the string included is a cheap one.  after doing this a few time on day 1, i was able to play my first song i grabbed from the book (clementine).  but after 1 song, you have to tune it again.  i just repeat what i did for the next 2 days, tuning it sharp and leaving it alone and play songs. yesterday morning i tuned it sharp before leaving to work and when i came back in the afternoon, i checked the strings and they are still tuned to the same key i left them in the morning. i played with it for at least 10 minutes just trying to learn the music from the book and i was able to play at least 4 songs without any problem.  this morning, i checked the note again and they stay close to the g-c-e-a range. i could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more. even if i have to tune it every day  i would not have any problem with it.so, for the reviews complaining about the device being out of tuned, just give the string a try to settle. this are cheap string that they included here and it will take time to settle in. or you can buy a better quality string that costs around $9.00 for a set.  another place you can check is the tuner, make sure that it does not get pulled back when the strings tension. if it would not hold its place then just grab a philips screw driver and tighten it a little.  that is an easy fix.2. the string: as i mentioned above, it is a cheap string that needs a lot of adjusting until it settles. even if you buy a  good quality strings, i am sure that it will also need a few adjustment in the beginning. it comes with 2 extra set in case you accidentally snap the one that is already installed. the problem is that the extra set does not have a label so you have to eyeball it.  from some research i found online they said that the thinnest string will be the a string. the second thinnest is the e string, the thickest is the c string and the second thickest is the g string. the extra string package says "gangia brand" on it so i assumed that that is the brand of the string.3. the book: i just scanned the book and i could tell that it is written well for beginners. the songs included progress from only needing 2 chords in the beginning and they add more chords on the succeeding lessons. each song have a chart on which chord you will use.4. the case:  the case will protect your ukelele from dust, water and from getting dirty while you are transporting it but will definitely protect the device from being damage in case of a drop.5. the dvd's and cd's: i have not tried the dvd and cd's yet but the dvd's i believe will have the lesson and the cd will have the songs on the books so you can listen to it and have an idea on how to play the songs on the book. i will come back and edit this item once i get the chance to watch the dvd and listen to the cd.overall. this is a great price for the package. 5hi i need this item for travelling and it has work very well. i am pleased i have purchased this little yet great product. 5i am no audio file, but these do the job and i like the colors.i did buy some more expensive magami ones and i can't tell a difference. 5unless you have a taste for really thin picks, this material and thickness will suffice for all uses, both single-line leads and strumming. this pick finally got me away from my old favorite fender tortoise mediums, though i do still keep them around. 5works great. i use this thing several times per week in rehearsals and it always does the job. my only critique would be in battery life; maybe a different setup (it uses 3 aaa batteries) would provide longer life. otherwise it's great- 4i bought these to try them out. i have used remo a little then i used to have some aquarian heads and wanted to try evans to see how they are. amazing. i practically beat the crap out of them and the held up. my next acoustic drumset will have evans on them. 5i love abalone.  these picks look really pretty, like seashells and they last pretty well.  the thin picks are pretty thin which make them nice for acoustic strumming and whatnot- but i would recommend mediums at least for the electric guitar. 5perfect pedal. easy to setup easy to use. it sounds great. durable and strong. not noisy at all really clean pedal for your board. 5a perfect match for the original i replaced.  these fit the american sized pots perfectly.  the price at amazon was the best i could find without buying used crap. 5i am not a connoisseur but nothing great about these strings.  they have pretty good sound but they seem to die quickly. 4the product is here and i am glad the size is right. the colors punch out nice and will1. help my vocal mics last longer so singers don't drool on my mics.and2. help out during soundcheck. &#34;hey, can we get blue turned down a little?&#34;products were intact but on an quick examination i saw small tears in the foam. i will update if that matters in the long run. 4this is basically the same as the other stand i rated, just from a different manufacturer.  same basic materials, you can't go wrong with either.  see my other review for the world tour gs-1 folding tripod guitar stand.  honestly, i can't tell them apart since i threw out the boxes. 5plenty of cord to move around with.  makes it less likely that i am going to clip the cord on a down stroke.  just what the guitar doctor ordered. 5satisfies my needs . . . nice cloth covered, large strain relied, good plugs (put a bit of thread lock on them they unscrew almost unintentionally) . . . . like it even if it's a bit long for use at home. 4nice picks.  a bit small for my preference.  great for picking, kind of harsh for strumming,  quality seems top-notch.  some guitarists will love these. 4originally i bought another snark, and liked it well enough. i'd seen this one on youtube, and thought its little bobble head looked ... kinda silly. but then a friend lent me his for a couple of days, and i really liked the experience of being able to glance over and see if i was in tune. i was hooked. i'll look silly if it lets me stay in tune.the built-in metronome doesn't have a lot of volume, but it's clearly visible.you also get a little baggie containing three picks, the carry bag for the tuner, and a battery. warranty runs for a year. altogether, i'm very satisfied with this tuner. 5i&#8217;m not sure exactly how to rate these picks except to say they&#8217;re what they are. guitar picks. however, the price was good. 5about ten years ago, i installed strap locks on my first guitar (fender stratocaster). they worked well and were easy to install. i subsequently installed dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. i had to drill additional holes no two guitars (gibson sgs).  ouch.this made me take a second look at schaller. the components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than dunlop. it took me ten years to realize that i made the wrong choice.  i should have gone with schaller from the beginning. i have replaced all my strap locks with schaller with excellent results. 5as other reviewers have noted, the ends are too short and dont allow the cable to "click" into the jack of your guitar or amp. easily remedied by cutting back the rubber by about 1/8" then the cable is fine.other than that i like the cable construction and the large sized ends. 3see my previous evaluation on a similar product.  it is all a matter of how large you want to chord chart to be. 4bought a couple of these to build pre-loaded pickguards for strats. they work just fine, nice solid feel, screws included, and white or black tips. there are two rows of connectors 5i always go with elixirs. great, long-lasting sound! i would recommend these to anyone, both experienced players and amateurs alike. 5you can't go wrong with these picks if you enjoy a full size pick.  they have a better grip and a more full sound (to my ears) over the tortex picks.  i have since went to the jazz picks but these picks are a solid product. 5this thing rocks! unlike other cheap chinese-made ripoffs (ahem... behringer) these joyo products are well made, inexpensive and worth every penny. 4very good strap, but the pick pocket does not hold the picks securely. especially when you take off the guitar for a break. either a pocket closure or a spring loaded clip is needed 5i only have two pedals, but that was one outlet spot too many, and it really makes a difference when you're onstage with only one power strip.  now i just wish i had an attachment that would let me charge my laptop and iphone from the same plug as the pedals.  can't always get what you want. 5got the 3 pack and oh what a great difference on me, my guitar, and my sound.i'm a 62 yo newby to guitar!! this proves that easy helps. i have a big baby taylor and when i needed new strings i went to the wrong place, got martins installed -- wow did they make a (bad)diference to me.  sounded like a 1950s monoral record and were really very uncomfortable to play. my friend said that he uses d'addario and that they make all the difference in the world!! tried them and he was right.  i changed my own (on the big baby) and the color coding made it really simple to put the right string in the right position (instead of switching the e and b string like the dealer did!) my taylor recommends elixr, but the d'addarios seem to play with a nicer tone on the taylor and just as important are easier on the fingers!! 5item arrived as described and on time - way larger than expected, but my son loved it!  says it's easier to use than the smaller cloths we've gotten before. 5i like this cable for it has an angled plug. it is not that long but no complaints. it works as it should and does well. 5best recorder for the money i've seen...easy to use, easy to scroll through the menu and manipulate the settings...the nearest competitor to this is slightly slimmer, witch to me would not be a plus because i don't use this on a camera rig..the picture leads you to believe this is bigger than it actually is...check out the youtube vids on it, i believe it to be more versatile than its competition, and the build quality is higher as well...the only thing the other has on this one is its size.... 5exactly what i needed to set up my pedal board. the flexibility is awesome, you can wind it underneath and around the pedal board and still plug it in to the pedals with out straining. 5the cable is great material, the 90's with boots are just right and have a lot of strength for durability.  price is right for sure. 4i can't believe these were actually sent to me. the heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. they come from taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to china. i am sending them back. there is no way i would use these. any screw you get from home depot would work better and look more attractive. i am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. 1this is supposed to be an fulltone ocd clone, but to me, it sounds a bit better than the ocd, and worse.has more low end and a smoother mid that the ocd. thought isnt nearly as dymanic as the ocd, that may not be a good thing though, depending on your taste.if i turn the gain up past 9 o'clock, the pedal sounds more like a fuzz than an overdrive, and kills the dynamics.thats a good thing and bad, as i like a fuzz tone, but thats not what i bought the pedal for.overall i can live with it, its well built, sounds good and the price is unbeatable. 5playing an acoustic ukulele with all nylon strings, i've preferred just to strum using my fingers because "traditional" plastic picks are just too harsh and loud.  even felt picks are too harsh (not to mention the dust/shedding they do).the wedgie is exactly what i've been looking for. harder than my thumb, softer than plastic or felt, the 3.1mm hard rubber wedgie is the goldilocks pick; right in the butter zone.i tried the "soft" and "medium" wedgies, but both were just too soft.  the soft wedgie over-grabs the strings and winds up dragging and producing a dull tone.  the medium is better, but is still too dull and the action is a bit too soft.but the hard wedgie is the clear winner.  i get great volume and tone without the harsh twang of plastic on nylon strings.the only negatives i've found are:1. they can leave skid marks on your pick guard.  no big deal, as it wipes right off.2. they break down faster than i'd like.  of course, that could just be my expectations.still, if you're looking a softer-than-plastic pick, this is the one to get. no pick noise, just strings. i couldn't be happier. 5with musical instruments standing about on my office floor, i determined to find a better way to keep them available, and so i decided to hang them on the walls. this hanger was very easy to install. it comes with screws and anchors so that it can be attached to drywall itself, or through drywall and into wall studs. i used the pre-drilled holes as a template to mark my wall and the hanger went in easily. but a word of warning: use a level to align the hanger to a vertical position on your wall. if you don't, your guitar will hang a bit cock-eyed. 5i almost always play finger style without a pick, but on the occasion i need a pick i like these.easier to strum sounds good to me.if you're doing a lot of picking out individual strings, you'll probably want something thicker, but these make it really easy to strum chords and sound good, plus pick out a few strings here and there. 5first, i would be extremely wary of the durability of any piano bench for under $50. second, as a professional piano player i have never found a use for a traveling "bench" or "stool." think about it: you've got a heavy keyboard to haul plus an amp plus a keyboard stand and maybe a music stand, electric light and music, perhaps even a storage case for the cables, adapters, extra fuses, batteries, tuners, sometimes an extra keyboard or two, or a couple of tone generators with midi cables, or, if you still pack a rhodes, spare tines and a pair of wire cutters--and you're going to add a bench (!) to your weekly moving equipment caravan?in 90% of the locations that i've worked, i'm able to locate a plain chair without arms (usually the kitchen crew knows where the house spartan chair can be found). not only does it reduce by one the paraphernalia, but it helps protect against the body structure problems to which piano players, especially, are prone over the course of thousands of hours of slouching, subjecting finger joints to unhealthy amounts of pressure, too caught up in chords and scales and retrieving half-remembered melodies to register the physical-neurological effects until after the job.  i've always envied the lounge act players who can stand while playing--far better for the entire musculature configuration of the human anatomy (not to mention prostate). in fact, if the club or restaurant has a regular piano bench or one of those padded, rising and lowering black steinway cushions, try to replace it with a plain chair without arms. especially if you're doing 4-hour gigs, sometimes two in the same day, you'll notice the difference short and long term.bottom line, your back needs more pampering than your bottom, which is why you need a seat with a back. only concert artists like horowitz and rubenstein could get away with those cushy steinway stools--30 minutes to complete the concerto and be done with it (actually most of the stress was gone upon completion of the cadenza of the first movement). some of us aren't that lucky--or gifted--or smart. 4i love this tuner. it is accurate & very reasonably priced. i have ordered this tuner for  fellow musician friends & all of them love them. best clip on tuner i have ever purchased. 5please don't listen to these amateurs talking about how the strings wouldn't keep tune. they don't know anything about stringed instruments or nylon strings. you have to keep tuning it until the strings stretch. like all instruments, the strings have to stretch, especially with nylons, so be patient. it only took me about half an hour. it clearly states starter pack, so obviously its not going to be a high quality ukulele, especially because of the price. these people just do not know how to read. it has a great sound, but the 'lightweight gig bag' definitely is lightweight. if you want real protection, i would recommend getting a hard case or something along the lines. it is a great buy though, considering the price. i highly recommend this product. 5i bought this pedal after looking at the boss tu-3 and korg pitch black for bass. this pedal won over the mini version because of the bass mode. strumming all 4 or 5 strings works well for a quick tune, but i still use the chromatic function to get an exact tune. the accuracy is impressive and this pedal even worked well with the low b.i read all over bass forums and reviews of the tuner and thought to try it out. tc electronics seems to spend alot of time advertising its products in bass mags and online and some of their products are greatly overhyped imo, but this pedal and the reviews speak for themselves.i was able to tune an electric acoustic guitar in seconds using the sweep option and even tried a cigar box guitar reading just the ad&g; strings and it worked okay.the pedal is easy to use and switching between tuning modes is a breeze. i chose to keep the clear film over the display for now to preserve the display as long as i can. i tested this sweep option on an old ibanez artcore guitar which hasn't been played for years and even with old strings, i got a reasonable tune out of it.strumming all strings at once seems to work better with a guitar more than a bass, but many reviews in bass mags and online also point this out although it works for a quick tune.i am happy with the pedal and hope it lasts as long as my old boss tu-2. i feel it has changed my tuning needs into a breeze. 4good solid construction. it hooks onto the mic stand and works as advertised, i.e removes the pops from vocal recordings. 4the first thing i do when i get a new instrument, is put a straplok on it before gigging with it.they're easy to install, i haven't had one fail on me yet.i have straploks on nine instruments right now, and i just ordered another for my new bass...i can't recommend them highly enough! 5they are half the size of a regular pick.  bit too thick for me.  sound nice. will last forever. wish i had sized them before i bought them. 3shipped in time. just what i have expected. looks nice and fits to both acoustic and electric guitars. easy to screw it on the wall. 5the small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning.  i haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.luckily i bought the three pack.but i can't recommend this product. 1this pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo i expected. i doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old dan echo de-1 pedal.  that certainly explains the difference in price. you get what you pay for. i'm using it with a fender eighty-five solid state amp. i tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. if you're looking for a good slap echo effect, i would recommend spending more money and buy the dan echo de-1 pedal or even the danelectro blt slap echo pedal is less expensive than the dan echo, but still sounds better than the fab echo pedal. the fab echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. it's just not as good as i expected. i'm sorry i bought it and i don't recommend this pedal. there are much better ones on the market. shop around. 3it works great for five of my lower power pedal type items, including my line 6 wireless receivers, shure wireless receivers, and several other pedals like my cry baby, etc., all at once.  however, the transmitter for my shure wireless in-ear monitor, which requires less power than any of the other two items combined, will not run, even by itself, when powered by the 1 spot.  switching power supplies like this can have a mind of their own, and there is probably some little quirk in the shure transmitter circuit that this power supply doesn't get along with.  for most of my stuff it works great, and eliminates a bunch of extra power supplies and cords. 4i like this cleaner - it's gentle on my guitar finish and it doesn't smell bad either. 4looking for picks for bass , this one did not work for me, it is thick and hard, good attack.but only thumb picks work, so i can use my fingers too. 3this pop-filter rocks. i like it a lot, does well compared to lots of other filters i tried. it's got a nice look too. 5anyone who cares to take the time to look at my other reviews will see that i am not fond of the snark displays.  i prefer the "needle" type because it's symmetric above and below center while the snark has red turning off when flat and gold turning on when sharp.  however, that's me and ymmv, as they say on the internet.don't ask, then, why i got a sn-6.  i don't smoke, drink, or womanize, the unit is cheap, the money's got to go somewhere, and i like to play with accessories.i am fond of saying that it doesn't matter which type of tuner you use because they've pretty much become a commodity.  they all tune well with the same accuracy, so it comes down to looks and price.well, that's not *quite* true.  some models suffer fits in certain situations.  the rapid fall of the old intellitouch was, in my mind, not due to price as much as its inability to deal with the low e string on a martin dreadnought.  a web search will reveal countless workarounds.  i (and the rest of the world, apparently) buy a tuner to tune, not work around.lately, i've become enamored of thekala ka-ubassfs solid mahogany u-bass - fretted.  if you want a tuning challenge, the low bass e string is it.  the sn-6 hardly hiccups.  other tuners seem to do "okay" but require a little coaxing.  not the sn-6! that's 5 stars in my book! 5ok reviewing something's i just don't see the need. ok that being said , i searched for lowest costing 9v adaptor that met or exceeded the am required to run my pedals...this came up first and is imo all that one would need to run a pedal or other guitar add ons. i dont know what else to say..... the cord isn't very long but not overly short either, i have another brand adapter and it is about the same length and size etc. ok for now that's all i got, i may edit later on down the line. 5i own a fender '65 reverb reissue, and i had learned from many guitar gurus and such that the best tubes that sound amazing are very, very difficult to find. however, i bought this jj electronics one expecting something decent to tide me through until i had enough money to afford a higher-end tube, and this blew me away. i was surprised at how good the tone of the amp was and how it made my guitar sound.this was well worth the small amount of money that i paid for it. in fact, i think i will just go ahead and keep using this permanently until it's almost dead before i purchase another tube. 5i bought two sets, this is a great why if to keep your strap on your guitar, if you still what to keep everything stock! 5wow the reviews for this thing are a little ridiculous eh? some people pay for silver and expect gold ;)okay, so i bought this because i do app review videos for a blog and my blue snowball mic was picking up the awful "pop" sounds that this is supposed to filter "hard p, hard t, hard b, s, and a few others." so i got this. here are my pros and cons:pros1. it works. i tested in sony vegas pro with and without the filter. the "pop" sound is completely removed with the filter. which means it does what it was designed to do. 5-stars. it does not affect voice volume at all, just smooths those rough edges in your speech :d2. it looks nice. attached to my blue snowball, it looks like a professional product. it doesn't really matter since i work from home and not in a public place, but it's nice to know i can show it to people and it "looks nice"3. the clamp, bendable arm, and everything work appropriately. the clamp is designed to hold onto a bar and not a flat surface. so mounting this to, say, a desk probably won't be a stable as attached to a round thing, like the stem to a mic.4. i don't know why people think this "isn't sturdy"...i mean you're not going to the local rink and playing hockey with the darn thing. the build quality is quite excellent considering that it's 2 fragile screens attached to plastic and metal.cons1. it's pretty big. i used to shorten the stem on my blue snowball and stash it in a cubby hole in my hutch desk for easy storage. i can't do that anymore with this pop filter on it. now it's become a permanent member of the front of my desk.outside of this thing doubling the space my snowball takes up, i have no complaints about this pop filter. it works well, it attaches nicely, it does what it is supposed to do, it looks nice, and the quality is good. this should be the last pop filter i have to buy for a long time. 5i've had this amp for 5 years and it still works and looks great. took a while for me to learn all the things that the jam can do since i was new to the world of electric guitars and amps when i received it. crank this baby up and it moves air. i've used all the in's and out's with no problems. my rig consists of an ibanez as73, schecter devil custom 2008, line 6 hd500, and an akg perception 420 thru a line 6 ux2. finally, i only play at home so this gear doesn't get banged up from gigging.i agree here> (as b. russell said: the only downside i can mention is that this amp may not be for the technically challenged. there are a lot of features on this amp, but you need to learn how to use them. the common features are easy to use, but if you want to dig in and start really taking advantage of the amp, you will need to invest some time into it. since i'm not scared of playing around in menus and reading the manual, this amp fits me well.) 5these danelectro pedals are great quality for the money. i use this pedal behind my dirt pedals for added flexibility and bringing out some more "brilliance" to the tone. the case is plastic, not very attractive, and perhaps not very sturdy. also the button to push down for the effect leaves a bit to be desired -- it doesn't feel very solid. but i intend to use this more for recording than live use, so i'm not worried about that. anyway, there aren't many eq's on the market, and for the price, it can't be beat. i would recommend it. 4i found this to be very inaccurate but only on a few strings, so adjustment is not possible. i bought this because of the newer features & i like the strum & see which strings were out function but what good are nice features if the main function of the tuner is inaccurate! it's not a bad tuner, seems well built but unless you play so poorly or loud that tuning precision doesn't matter i'd go with the korg pitch black (which is what i was using in my home studio - well back to what worked!) 3the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else. 1nice cable, could be a little heavier.  i managed to pull the wires apart on the straight plug, probably stepped on the cord when i was playing guitar while standing.  i had to take it apart and resolder but it has been really good since. 3this is an good stand for situations where there aren't too many threats to your guitar (running dogs on the porch, reeling drunks at a bar). get a heavier stand or a wall hanger if you have a fabulous vintage martin or a handmade henderson. overall, well worth the price. 4loved this mic when i hooked it up, it sounds great and for the price you can't go wrong.  wish that it had a on/off switch but you can get around that.  great for instruments and vocals as well.  was delivered on time as well, amazon is the best and have the best vendor. 5i love this pedal! that said i would like to address some of the reviews i see on here. i have been playing guitar since i was 14 years old. i am now 57 so i have a few years of experience. first you guys who complain about the plastic housing. are you jumping up and down on your effects pedals? if you are stop doing it. all you have to do is gently step on the switch and it works. the plastic housing is extremely strong and won't bust when used properly. the next thing i would like to address is the battery running down &#34;even when it's turned off&#34;. every effects pedal i ever owned would run the battery down if you leave your guitar plugged in when not playing it. get a one spot adapter and a daisy chain. it will save you a fortune. the ones saying the sound sucked, buy something besides a $50 amp, and learn where to put the chorus in the pedal chain. thi is a good pedal and i've used it on stage for 2 years without a problem. that means i have spent about $11 a year for a pedal that has earned me thousands! buy one, learn how to use it and you'll be happy. 5not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do.  limited dynamic range.  but, it works.  wish i'd have gotten something a little nicer though. 2ordered these large picks and like others mentioned, they are not large at all. i have average size hands and thumbs and the pick initially numbed my thumb in about twenty seconds it was so tight. i solved the problem by simply holding a bic lighter flame about a half inch away from the heel of the pick for just about three seconds. i could feel the celluloid loosen up quickly. it was just a matter of pulling the pick open just a bit. it's actually easy to completely customize the size and shape of the picks with just a few seconds of heat. the picks fit fine now, and i didn't even need to place &#34;foreign&#34; objects into the microwave to do it.any questions just feel free to ask and i will answer best i can. thanks.spo 4i bought this and a hohner special 20 key of c harp to test them both out. this harp is a great harp, pretty much the exact same as the hohner special 20 in overall quality. "feels" a little more airtight, brighter and louder than the hohner, but in side-by-side testing the effect is diminished.the hohner special 20 just seems to have this little extra...expression to it. more life or something.both harps very bendable, etc. real high quality.as for the replaceable reed plates...amazon has this harp marked down to about the $25 level. reed plate replacements are about $19. now i realize that at retail that's half the price of a retail harp, but only $6 less than a "whole new harp" otherwise.with this in mind, i would generally recommend beginners start with the hohner special 20. just a slightly better or at least more fun-sounding and fun to play harp with a little more animation and expression available "free", in my opinion. 4i was taking lessons from a very qualified instructor and he mentioned that i need a humidifier for my guitar. at first i was not sure what i was looking for. i found the product without too much difficulty. i had learned from my instructor that these are small, placed on the hole of the guitar, and was definitely needed to keep the guitar in good playing condition. i started looking through the computer pages and settled on the herco guitar humidifier because of the recommendations of thew product. now i feel i made a wise choice and will be able to keep my quitar playing good vibrations, and good music! 5received it in time, standard blister packaging but the cable stopped working after 45 days. since i was out of 30 days return time, sent an email to the manufacturer but no response till today. 1great little amp. i had to take my ampeg jet in for a maintenance and i just love this little practice amp. i enjoy using it with both my fender strat and my rickenbacker. 5with this power supply you can offer to your pedals 9vdc, 12vdc, 18vd or 12vac. i'm using 8 pedals conected to this power supply, and i don't have any kind of noise or hum. 5soume times you just need a transformer-based, low amperage power supply for pedal where the switchmode-based, modern supplies are just too noisy.  this was the cheapest.  so it goes. 5regular strings. they work, and they last. they have a worm sound and i really like that, and with my takamine they sound great 4it's ok but a little cheaper quality than i expected.  i would recommend going a little higher price.  it also arrived cracked. 3this keyboard is pretty dope. i bought this a while back when i bought my samson 49 key midi keyboard. it's been a little over 2 years and i've used it ever since. i recommend this to anyone buying a keyboard in the future or currently. you can't go wrong with this stand. 5i bought this one for one of my heavier guitars hoping for some shoulder relief and it does the job.  it's inexpensive and the padding is excellent.  it looks like it will last too. 5this is a fun pick.  i play a lot with my fingers and thumb and thought i'd give this a try.  its great!  i love the tone of this pick striking strings.  i love the way it transmits the feel of the strings.  more organic than plastic picks.  yes it might crumble on you if you play too hard.  i think if you play as hard with this pick as you would with your thumb you'll be fine.  its a lot of fun and for such a little price can open your playing to different tones for your instrument.  worth a try. 5i use this for my ipad.  i drilled bigger holes to lighten it up a bit. it's solid and works great, very adjustable... good seller to... 5this is a great-sounding reverb pedal. tons of options and ways to manipulate your sound. i've combined this with a epiphone sheraton ii (semi-hollow body) and have been able to get some awesome deep, rich sounds (watch out for feedback though). the design is very solid, and the controls are quite easy to use. honestly, i think it has a lot of reverb settings that i won't use very much, but there's no problem with them being there.i definitely recommend this reverb pedal for fans of kings of leon, u2, etc. or if you're just looking for a pedal to boost your sustain and create deeper tones, this is it. this has definitely enhanced my creativity with a guitar. my only caveat to this review is that i haven't tried out other reverb pedals, but this one definitely suits all my needs. 5well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...i still think it takes a bit of brightness on bypass but when it's on it's great! i've been thinking on using it mainly as a boost for leads but it sounds so much better with it i can't seem to turn it off!it's light, small and it looks well built but only time will tell how resistent it is but hey for 30 bucks it's a great deal!this is a good eq for an excelent price, not an excelent eq so i give it a 4 out of 5 and look forward to testing some others danelectro pedals. 4simply the best picks ever for bass.  recommended by eric friedman on a post and im glad i followed the recommendation.  cost twice as much as tortex picks so i use these dunlop picks for gigs and rehearsal and use the cheap-o picks for my finger exercises 5good quality but not as nice as some pricier ones.  if i want better i would shop around and pay more.  does the job for now. 5it doesnt completely mute my violin but i suppose nothing really can, it does take the loud peircing noise out though 5i typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. never an issue. no loss of tone. never breaks or fails. quality product for a good price. 5the odor of adhesive lingered for some time, but that's not really a problem.size and fit were good. the storage compartment is nice and large.one hinge broke after about a year of normal use. it was in the house almost the whole time, i just open the case to play the guitar and then replace it when done. i noticed if you look carefully, one of the hinges is cracked on both sides, so it is not holding anything anymore, but it is one of three, so the other two still do the job just fine. it is only if you look carefully you see one hinge fractured.this was not an expensive guitar, and i had a better case, so i switched to the better guitar case, and used this one for another guitar that i really don't play at all, and it just stays in storage. 3these headphones are 100% amazing. i could not believe the sound quality. i have been an audio engineer for over 30 years and let me tell you these headphones will match those worth $200-$300...nice wide spectrum and frequency response, you will love them, well worth the price. (no i do not work for tascam)... the first pair i bought the cord got stuck and was yanked and broke very easily....so i ordered another pair, because the sound is amazing, i just need to be more careful next time!!...but this headphone has a very delicate cord connection and construction...i have yanked my senhieser's millions of times and the cord never broke, so be careful with the cord on this headphone...it is not the best, but the sound is superior. 5i replaced the older strings in my acoustic guitar.  while these strings are a bit harder to play (they are not forgiving on the fingertips of people just learning how to play) they do sound great. a lot better than the stock strings that came with the guitar. 5the evans pedal patch will work for you great.. it will keep your mass drum head from gettingworn and nasty..  i cheap buy and it works excellent.. 5i'm certainly not the musician in the family and honestly know nothing about guitar strings.  i got these for my husband, the aficionado guitar player in the family!  he said these are excellent quality strings and was very happy with the product.  so they come highly recommended from someone who has uttered a swear word or two over inferior strings in the past!  highly recommended. 5i decided to give these a try after buying just earnie balls. wow! just wow! my inexperienced ear was able to tell a difference in the sound. it was just... right. i can't explain it exactly. the .10 gauge is great for standard and eb tuning, although can be tuned lower. i would recommend something thicker for that though. but these are great and you should get em! 5i read a review saying that there bridge was floating out & the strings were hard to tune aswell as their e string popping. i had the exact same experience but i bought two sets since i know uncoated strings dont last long. so i did get to play em but all my strings (except the a & e) popped on both sets within two weeks i knew it was due to my bridge being made to use a whammy bar (which it came with btw)& the tension it put on my tuning pegs what really got me upset about these strings was that they damaged my tuning pegs and now there harder to turn (have to use pliers sometimes) but the strings sound great & if i get a better guitar i might get these more often but for now im staying w/ medium gauge elixirs. 3i bought this because i wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. i'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. it's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price. 5a great, clean look for the otherwise ugly string guide clamps. the guides on these are not rollers, but are the next best thing visually and performance wise in my opinon.  the only guides that i like better are the round 50's guides for tele's, but then i like those asthetically only on tele's.  an inexpensive mode that looks and works great.  to the inexperienced eye this simple, clean looking mod can make a mexican or chinese instrument look more like the made in america models. 5i've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting.  this one is the worst.  the plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle.  bad...just bad.secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp.  it seemed loose after i got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement.  after twisting on it twice i stripped it out.  now the thing is worthless.  i'm returning it asap.i would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing.  do yourself a huge favor and buy the nady 6" pop filter.  if you don't, you'll wish you did. 1i got this on sale from gc for $80 shipped (plus $7 tax arrrgh). first and foremost this amp is amazing.  all the hype and positive reviews you read are all true.  my playing style varies from horrible attemps at sounding like a real player to half way decent renditions of actual songs (lol) and this amp does it all.  the tube amp models sound like real tubes and have a tone and sound that just can't be described, they have to be heard.  the modulations, and del/reverbs are well done also.  there are a few of the effects that sound a little vanilla or digital but those can be tweaked with the fuse software (or taken out completely).  all the controls are pretty easy to understand and adjust, and it does not take a brilliant mind to figure out how to make the amp sound good (even with my substandard playing ability!  both of my cheap guitars sound great thru this amp.  the tuner is pretty accurate and easy to use.  headphones work well also.  about my only real complaints are so minor- no place to store the power cord or usb cord (included!).  printed documentation is pretty lame but the included dvd is more through.  the fuse software has to be downloaded and as i have limited online speed this took over an hour.  the headphone jack is a 3.5mm and most good headphones are still using the 1/4".  not a big deal but the 3.5mm to 1/4" adaptors are somewhat weak and can be very touchy.  the amp gives an audiable pop when powered down.  no corner protectors on this.  all in all if you are looking for a great small amp this will give you $1000's of dollars worth of effects and amp models all for under 100 clams! 5this thing really kicks it up nice and clean or real dirty over the top!i had a lpb1 that sucked tone and sounded like crap but i really need a line boost and didn't want to spend a lot for one.this little baby at about 3 o'clock setting does a real nice job for my solos and louder sections of songs. 5this unit is compact enough to take with you if you need a small interface to take along with your laptop for field recording.  it is powered via the usb bus, so you don't have to carry power supplies, or worry about finding an outlet for the device.one issue is that this is not a plug-and-play device.  you will need to install a device driver in order for your computer to recognize it.  after the driver was installed, i was able to get pro tools to recognize it right away without any issue.  i recorded some tracks just to see how easy it was to work with and how it sounded.  it works like any other interface in pro tools, so you will be able to use it easily enough.  the mic pre-amps don't seem terribly powerful and you will have to really up the input level to get anything out of a 48v condenser microphone like the ones i use to record vocals and guitars.  i found that the overall sound quality was okay, but just okay. i wouldn't want to use this for anything important, but it will work fine if you are doing a field recording of rehearsals, or doing pre-production in a practice space.  i wouldn't recommend it for serious studio work though and i would rather drag my pro tools i/o rack to a location if i was in the field.the build quality is a bit suspect on this as well.  i noticed that the unit made a clinking noise when i picked it up after taking it out of the box.  it seems that the bottom panel is not secure and is a bit loose.  i can move the top and bottom together and apart, making a clinking sound.  this can, of course, be taken care of very easily, but i would rather have a device come as it should.  i have never had a problem with a tascam unit before and i have had a ton over the years, so i hope this is just a one-off quality control issue.  the knobs feel okay, but there is a bit of play in the line out control and one of the attenuators is sticky.bottom line: 3/5 starsrecommended for casual use, but not for commercial use 3hey i got this and an "ovation idea" from go-dps. i couldnt be happier with these items, especially the "ovation idea" !!!!!!i have to brag on "go-dps" some, they are wonderfull dealers; i look forward to buying from go-dps again. 5i was messing around with the wiring in a mim strat and i ended up melting the switch. so i ordered this one to replace it. worked out perfect. 5great price for 12 picks spanning from light - heavy.picks are good quality and would recommend to anyone looking for picks. 5zero issues with this cable so far.  it feels fairly cheap and light weight but it has survived for months of plugging in, unplugging, and packing between practice spaces.i'll update this review if/when it breaks. 5was looking for something slightly improved over the snark, but still easier to use and lower cost than a strobe tuner.works well to quickly tune and still zero in on the correct pitch.appears the tuner is a aw2 and the g (guitar) function is in that the clip fits a guitar headstock.works as anticipated. easy to get that last bit of fine tuning. 5this is the american dj micro galaxian red & green laser. it is the smaller version of the galaxian laser with the same laser power output, but a smaller beam spread. it is a compact well built unit with a power switch on the back and a small fan to keep it cool. the small power cord plugs into the back of the unit and has a transformer block on the end of the cord. it comes with a remote that works great, but has an antenna to pull up if needed, which seems like old technology. the remote has 4 buttons which allows you to select auto/sound mode, blackout, color and direction of rotation. when going through the color modes you can select red, green, red/green together or red/green changing and flashing. you can select auto mode or sound mode so it will go with the music. there is also a speed control knob on the back of the laser to have the dots stop completely, move very fast or slow. the darker the room the better, but you can easily see it in any room with the lights on. i am very pleased with it. i havent tried it with fog but i know it would look great since it has 200 beams. it will work great for any dj to use on the dancefloor, wall or ceiling. this is a great buy under $100.pros: it is small, bright, well built and works great. it has a remote to control it.cons: transformer on cord and antenna on remote. 5so i originally got the virtually identical mackie version of this and it crapped out on me after  a couple of years of easy work. behringer is typically good at making comparable gear at better prices than most. i use this for my vocal monitor attached to my drum rack. so much more efficient than a floor monitor. i have my own volume and tone settings at my fingertips, and because there is more than one channel, i can run a full main mix into it on one channel and mix in a separate feed from my own pa channel. very cool to be able to mix down a too loud harmony, or turn myself up a little in my ear without affecting any of the other mix dynamics. definitely recommend ... hey you get volume and tone and control of your own space! 5best articulate bass string for the money.  i have one of the first versions of the fender precision lyte bass from the 90s.  i have started to use lighter strings to keep the neck from getting fatigued.  they sound great and stay in tune.  sound like rotosounds.....think roger glover, geddy lee, and chris squier.  nice bright and deep sound with fingers or pick.  i am not a slap style player so i can't comment on that.  i set my action fairly high to keep every thing clean as possible. try them, you'll like them and your bass guitar neck will be happy. 4these are one of the best strings i've used. i'm a blues guitarist so they take a beating well. very much worth the cost and i thank amazon for having them! 5the yamaha keyboards that take batteries don't come with an ac power adapter. no problem. i got this the week after christmas and it works like it came with the keyboard. 5this product did not fit my takamine g, as the hole is 3/4 size.  i had to buy from lute hole, who then customized a part for me.  beware, because you'd figure this item would fit inside any guitar out there, given the advertising.  even the guy at guitar center, when i called to find out what was going on, told me to go with lute hole.  i never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, i found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit.  be very, very careful.  in fact, be very, very wary, as i briefly heard a light "cracking" noise when i tried to fit it in the guitar for the very first time.  i stopped, thereafter, after doing research online and finding out about the g's specs.  i've read, elsewhere, that it kills your tone, but i had been willing to try to utilize it in tandem with my actual coloring rig.  ultimately, i spent nearly $100 more than i wanted to, just for this kind of item.  what is it they say in this era - caveat emptor? 3these are good strings, for a good price.  i have purchased these strings several times and they sound good and last a long time. 5i wan't sure i would like this thing when i ordered it, but it was cheap enough to try.  i don't like using it as much as i thought i would, but that's just me.  the device works as advertised.  over a long period of use, i think it might leave a mark on the sound hole, even though the hook is padded. 3i purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. i only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. it sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. the controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. i have played "boutique" chorus pedals, and the boss is loads better in every way. you will not regret this purchase.pros:-easy to use-no hum-small-sonds awesome-indestructabecons:-noneif you want an awesome chorus that has been around forever, will last forever, and sounds incredible, get this. 5spend a few more bucks and get a padded one. this one is comfortable for 10 mins then it's cramp time. just save yourself the hassle, this one is too cheap to return and while it's "ok" it's not great for long-term playing. 4rugged, robust, flexible. couldn't ask for more in a momentary switch. like all boss products it will probably last longer than me. 5nice to keep your mic nice and fresh. plus it protects the head and gets rid of most of the noise while taking a breath. decent value! 5this inexpensive capo works as advertised. it's the plastic version of the more expensive metal one but it works as advertised and is ideal for a light weight backup. 4i bought this mainly for the string cutter, although it has a peg winder and a bridge pin puller as well. at first i was skeptical because it's lightweight and the cutting ends are not sharp. i was wondering how well it could cut the loose ends of strings. i'm happy to say that it does an excellent job, much better than the pair of diagonal pliers i was using.  it cuts the ends of strings easily and cleanly.  it's nice not having to carry the pliers around, which are heavier and a little risky to your guitar should you happen to drop it or accidentally mar your headstock. as for the bridge pin puller, i tried it once but it is rather ineffective. i think it was included more as an afterthought as it's just a notched edge and can't really pull stuck pins. for pulling bridge pins without damaging the bridge i would recommend the dunlop bridge pin puller which is inexpensive.overall i give this 5 stars for the winder and cutter. i'd recommend this to any acoustic guitarist as an essential tool to keep in their guitar case. 5it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together i am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. the bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, i am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...i prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. this one? meh. not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo. 2the very first thing i noticed about the design is how far from the guitar's surface the strap is actually connected.  what this tells me is there is considerable added stress to the screw and the wood surrounding it because of the added leverage to the guitar's weight.  the &#34;fulcrum&#34; is the surface of the wood, if this makes sense, and i can't help but wonder if it could eventually (eventually over much time and use) cause cracks or splits as a result.i found someone selling only the dunlop strap buttons, which is a great idea for someone with 2 main straps and several guitars, and was about to order them when i found planet waves elliptical end pins.  i think this is the best idea yet for keeping a guitar on a strap, unless you're going to be spinning the guitar around your shoulders, and no additional stress on the guitar's body.  i've ordered a set. 3the cable tangles easily. not stiff enough.it get's in the way and is hard to stay stretched out. but the color and the cloth cover is cool looking and has a more personal feel than the common rubber types. it also seem tightly put together at the ends. 3some say "daw-dare-e-o", "de-ah-dare-e-o", "dad-ar-ee-oh", or "dee-ah-dare-e-o"others shorten it to "d-adds" or even "daddy-o's".  took me a while to figure that last one out.i was trying to find out info about "daddy-o strings" and why people thought they were so great.  duh.while people may disagree on how to say the name, few debate the idea that these are great strings.* less expensive that most string sets out there, especially if you buy multi-packs* color-coded to make string changes easy* easy to find from most any vendor or music store* made in the usa* you can collect "players points" for swag* they are sealed in a special "environmentally friendly" package to keep them fresh and corrosion-free* they have one of the widest range of string-size combinations availableif you are just starting out and do not know what to put on your new guitar then the phrase "set it up with exl-120s" or "put on some da-dairy-o" nines" is a good choice, at least for a strat or tele-like guitar.i personally like them better than ernie ball super slinkys aka "eb pinks", but i cannot quite put my finger on "why".you can pay more for coated strings, cryogenic frozen strings, boutique strings, and all that but if you do not know what any of those are then you probably haven't been playing long enough to find value in them.almost every guitarist has a set of strings they "swear by" because they work wonders that no other string can - they make them play smoother or faster, their last set of strings lasted for 6 years, or whatever.i just appreciate a great value, and d'addario strings are just that.btw, for the record the official pronunciation is "da-dairy-o":>> "we receive letters each week regarding the correct pronunciation of the d'addario name. some years back, we even ran an ad that illustrated an easy way to pronounce the d'addario name. the name is pronounced phonetically as follows: da-dairy-o. a simple way to pronounce the most difficult name in musical accessories!" 5this came today and i must say that it surpassed my expectations greatly. my takamine acoustic/electric fits perfectly and is very stable on the stand. i have 100% confidence this will never tip over on its own. you'd have to be a total klutz to knock this thing over. anyone with less than 4 or 5 stars must be a paid shill.this is built like a tank and should last a lifetime. it is adjustable (the neck) fully padded, and the two-arm base piece swivels for a custom fit. the stand takes 30 seconds to assemble and folds down for easy transport. a+++++++++++++ 5i like the way the snark attaches to all of my guitars and a mandolin. it reacts quickly and is not over-sensitive. the way the mounting and dial articulate make it easy to set up while not interfering with the tuning knobs. easy to read and for the very low price a great value. however, and this may be my own fault, i often need to snap my finger against the dial to get it to start reading. i say my own fault because i put the battery in wrong the first time and had to pull it out with needlenose pliers. that may have damaged a contact. i play with a number of other people that have snarks and they all work properly. i would buy another one without hesitation. 4if you just need an inexpensive strap that is perfectly functional at a low price then this is the one for you.  works fine, no problems. 4never has 15 watts sounded so loud and clear. never think it only hadan 8 inch speaker. just enough effects to leave your pedals at home for practices.light weight easy to carry. 5this pedal work, although i find it a little bit cumbersome in my particular setup. my issue is really only one of cable routing though and will be remedied soon enough. the m195 does perform as it is suspend to although it does play word with my delay pedal, even running the delay on the output side of the m195. the noise gate is quiet and smooth an would be vital to many with a high gain setup. i run mine in my pedal chain for my bass rig, when using fuzz and distortion. 4this is the newer version of the original snarks. i have bought the red, blue and older black models. these are great. fast and reliable, and accurate. this new "super tight" is a bit faster and is slightly more accurate than the others, but the older units are still excellent. the display is a little brighter, but i think the battery life is a little less than the originals. i can't recommend these enough. 5i use these on all my guitars.  love them.  easy to assemble and use.  if you have trouble putting it on your strap google for some videos showing you how to use a pliers to push the clip on.  once installed they are fantastic. 5got a cleaner/polish/wax type ointment for every part of your guitar. comes with a small rag, and fret polishing pad deal....the fret pad is great and i didn't know about this type of thing till getting this kit. also comes with a step by step/stage by stage instruction pamphlet. worth it to get this kit and replace /add to it as needed. 5i bought these to put on my epiphone sheraton ii. i really like the thickness of the strings and the full tone they offer. rhythm and lead styles both sound great. definitely recommend these strings and will buy more in the future. 5i know, i know, many people hate on this pedal, calling it &#34;stale&#34;, and &#34;generic&#34;. the problem that they have is that they simply haven't found the right settings on the pedal and the amp, because, after all, the settings on both the amp, and the pedal do make a difference. one thing to note is that it is a bit on the quiet side in my opinion. i have a digitech bad monkey, and i set the level on that to 2 so it matches up with the amp. with this pedal, i have to crank the level to make the clean tone the same level as the distorted tone. 5this issue with this bad boy is not quality, features, or design. this is a pedaltrain product, and just like my pedaltrain 2, this is a well-made, perfectly designed board that does exactly what it claims it will do -it holds 50 freaking pounds of guitar effects stuff. and that, my friends is the problem.i am using a voodoo labs 4x4 power supply, but had to also get a tripplite isobar, 6 outlet power strip that i drilled into the upper left corner to handle a couple of the extra pedals. i plug that into the wall and then use a homemade 8&#34; iec power plug in the voodoo. on the pedal i was able to fit 2 jim dunlop volume pedals (one is for the looper), a crybaby wah, tc electronic flashback x4, sparkbooster, mojo mojo overdrive, corona chorus, hall of fame reverb, ditto looper, and the shaker vibrato. i also have the mxr flanger, helicon harmony pedal for vocals, a korg tuner and an electro harmonix pulsar tremolo.(i know, i know.)did i mention this sucker is big? i feel like they should name it the &#34;pedal porch&#34;. maybe i can put a few potted plants on it.so getting back to the question of whether or not you should get this behemoth, i will ask you, to ask yourself, &#34;do i really need all these pedals? if the answer is &#34;hell yes, i deserve them all! i worked hard for them and can now make awesome sounds!!&#34;, then by all means knock yourself out. just don't get a hernia lugging it around and make sure you book venues with appropriate stage space. no joke. 5this pedal solved my problem with my amp. after 13 years of messing about with my mesa boogie  realizing the the california sound is not what i truly like and kicked myself in the ass for not buy a marshall or vox this pedal  has given me the ability to make my amp sound like a marshall or vox.  one can say all kinds of things about quality but for $31.00 it made me even more versatile. it needs to be in front of a tube amp... 5this is exactly the item i needed for my podcasting rig.  it holds my behringer mixer along with my compressor and my vocal processing box.  it lets me move the whole thing easily out of the way when i need to use my table for something besides podcasting.the stand is easy to assemble and is very well built.  there's nothing bad i can say about it, if you need to hold some audio gear then have no reservations about picking one of these up.  highly recommended. 5it is fine strings,i couldn't really find difference between martin m140maybe its just me, i expected more than that!its just regular strings 4needed a mixer and figured it was worth the risk to try this inexpensive mixer.  it is limited in what it can do but it does the job.  i'm rapidly becoming a behringer fan.  the three points mentioned in another rating (inputs should be out the back, needs rubber feet, and the led) are spot on.  i'd also like to see another set of outputs on it as well.  it could also use being a tad bigger, they jammed everything into such a small area the knobs are a little close together.  the led for the power on this thing is so bright it's obnoxious, it almost blinds you.  other than that its a great and affordable little mixer that does everything they advertise... 4i really like this delay. it's simple and works well. i really am starting to love behringer. great pedal for a great price. 5these cables work perfect for connecting my mixer to my amp.  not too long, not too short.  just what i needed. 5the mandolin arrived on time and came in a box within a box where the mandolin was wrapped. there was no damage to it and none of the tuning pegs broke. i tuned it pretty easily and was able to figure out some simple songs.i removed the pick guard because i really didn't like how it looked and it looks fine without it. the strings that come with it work fine and none snapped. even if you end up not wanting to play it, you can always hang it somewhere because it looks nicer than i would have expected. the only problem i have is that the two g chords do not fit completely in the nut but i have heard that you can adjust it so it fits properly. i got this because i really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. also, another difficulty i had was that the tailpiece comes off easier than it goes back on. if you are interested in the mandolin definately get this to try it out. 5i have many lengths of these hosa cables and have neverhad a problem with them.i am not an active musician, so have not put any of them throughthe riggers of what happens on stage; so i cannot comment on thistype of usage.in my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) i have come to realize, thatyou should always have extra cables (just like strings) with you, aseven the most expensive cables will sometimes let you down. 5dirt box gold for under 50 bucks! highly adjustable tone, volume and distortion level that won't tank your amplifier tone, while letting you get between everything from back alley blues to blistering metal. i love this pedal!!! the true bypass is a bonus if you are in love with your amp's tone, but lose it when you engage your pedal. not anymore. i know there are some great distortion pedals on the market, but you won't find this quality and tone at a better price. joyo win.sorry os-2 - it's pawnshop time for you! 5i decided to try these mainly due to the fact that i live near the ocean, and thought thermocouple up better. i restrung an electric acoustic with these and it sounds great with or without the amp. i will definitely recommend these. 5attaching hardware is a bit cheap but over all it is better than i expected.bag was ripped so i almost lost the screw and washer.this will work fine for me i think. 4if all you want is amp-like vibrato and chorus, here ya go, and it's cheap and cool looking (bigger footprint than a boss pedal). the 'hue' control gently affects the tone. 3bought as a stocking stuffer for my brother in law. gave it to him with an actual replica of the pick. he loved them. still has some. 5i bought this used off a friend when i got my first electric.  it's a great little practice amp that is plenty loud enough for a small room.  the destortion works well enough.  bass and treble are adjustable and seem just fine.  input jack has held up real well so far (amp is about 4 years old now)and the speaker is pretty clean.  my only problem is that the volume just does not go low enough.  i can't practice while everyone else is in the room watching tv.  i suppose a set of headphones would solve this problem- but then its something else i gotta plug in and worry about.  i find that i like the sound of the overdrive better (especially thru my epi lp) but just can't play it low enough.  i end up having to turn the overdrive off, and then turning the amp up loud and turning the guitar down real low.  if you have issues with volume control in your house- then make sure to get a set of headphones- or else you could suffer the dirty looks, and the banishment i have suffered.  all in all a real nice practice amp at a good price point. 4there's no way to attach the shock mount to it (screws for securing it aren't provided, the holes dont match up, etc...oh well, i went with a standard microphone tripod behind my computer desk instead.i'll come up with a use for this arm later otherwise i'd have returned it.will not hold a blue yeti / yeti pro microphone. just an fyi 3i purchased this for my son's acoustic guitar.  i was tired of finding it not in its case and lying on the floor, or against his dresser.  since he got this stand, his guitar has been put away on it every time.  the security strap is a nice feature, to make sure the guitar doesn't get knocked off the stand.  great value for the money! 5this little snark is easy to carry around and works great.  i have used several different styles and brands, this is a must have for musicians. 5this cable is perfect! great sound quality and durability. i will not buy any other cable except planet waves! best bang for the buck for any working musician hands down, yes there are cheaper cables ,,but they don't sound as good or last as long, planet waves is the way to go 5one of the strap buttons on a guitar i was given as a gift was missing.  i was told that it would need some minor repairs, so all i had to do was replace a strap button and get some strings for it.this strap button was screwed right in the minute i got it and it worked like a charm.  i put the strap right on afterwards and started playing it and it hasn't given me any problems. 5this thing will test most all the cables a musician will use ... rugged, reliable and simple to understand ... for the price, it is hard to beat ... 4i've owned just about every muff.  no triangle or civil war.  but this is my favorite muff thus far.  way more versatile than any other muff.  the switches involment in the the circuit really isn't too elaborate, but then again all bypasses aren't.  i love wicker on and tone off.  cuts like a buffalo.  i hate to have a bunch of fuzz's and distortions in my chain, but its there right next to a keeley fuzz head, a analogman peppermint fuzz, and a ts-9 modded to an 808 w/ brown that i modded myself.  i love this muff!  i can't wait to see what they do next.  plus...  these new ehx pedals are build tough as nails and full true bypass.  if you like muffs, you'll really like this one.  if you didn't like muffs before, you'll probably like the wicker feature, it makes it far more clear and pronounced and less of a glob a goo and more distortion/ fuzz friendly.  i give it four stars, because the five is only meant meant for devices that you just freak out and half to have, for me the keeley fuzz head is a five, i love that thing. 4i was a little reluctant to try the evo xm as i have a vendetta and the tuners are junk.  fortunately this guitar does not inherit this issue.it's a beautiful looking guitar with very nice setup.  action is incredible.  almost too low for those that do a lot of stretching but great for those that are into fast riffs.  the difference in tone between the neck and bridge pickups is great and the pickups are very responsive.hardware is slightly better than expected for this price point. 4these screws are not a shiny chrome, so they worked perfectly for my pearl pickguard and black fender strat body. they are good quality screws. 5needed an xlr cable for a gig and ordered one of these the week before...it got the job done, my bass sounded great through the pa, and the crowd loved the band. home run! 5i probably got the wrong gauge, these things have no give at all due to the thickness but i like the small size. they are about half the size of a standard pick, so they are very easy to control. 4stuck one in my guitar case to keep it just the right humidity. a must have for us dry californians. 4this is an absolutely amazing reverb pedal.  tc toneprint is very much a novelty, a very useful one at that if you want to dial in some really nice presets. where this pedal really shines is in it's endless ability to tweak the parameters using the downloadable editor. you can spend hours finding &#34;your sound&#34; or just &#34;the sound&#34; that you need. high quality chassis, excellent switch and input/output jacks that give a satisfying thunk, indicating your cable is secured.  don't forget to lift the back panel to adjust the dipswitches to change the true bypass, tone dry through etc... all and all a great one stop reverb pedal with tons of tone and potential that should last a lifetime. 5these are definitely my favorite strap locks there are plenty out there but these ones are mine i've always been a huge fan of jim dunlop products and will continue using them for years to come 5not your average giant clumsy guitar stand, but it works. the only drawback is that it is literally not big enough to provide a very stable base of support. if you have toddlers or rambunctious dogs, or even fairly large cats, a larger stand might be a better choice. if your household is quiet, this is very much a good bargain. 4i have purchased about 5 of these in the past 4 years. i have found no major issues with any of them. expect to do a small amount of fretwork, such as filing and finishing some of the fret ends, checking the frets for crowns, filing those down and polishing the frets. as with any neck, even the high dollar ones, the truss rod will likely need minor adjustment after it is strung and set up. they come unfinished but well sanded. i sand a bit extra, but one could spray it out of the box. i like to use 3 coats of amber and 6 to 9 coats of clear lacquer, satin or semi gloss. none of these are select quarter sawn wood, but they are an excellent bargain for anyone wanting to build a guitar or replace a broken neck on an instrument. 5good design, easy to hang on to these picks.  reasonable price makes it even better.  i don't often use picks, but when i do, i use these.  i will buy more in the future. 5i don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. when you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.it'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. i just don't like the features of this stand at all. 2tuner works great. both by vibration and mic.only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. mine broke off... not even a year old. 2if you're going to use this as an insert effect into any amp, the first thing you need to do is turn off the amp model.although i liked the presets in the ms50g, none of them worked in my rig. the first thing that i did when i brought it home was to make a different single patch for each effect. the big question is &#34;why?&#34; especially since it's designed to handle up to 6 effects simultaneously. the answer is... i like my overdrive, distortion, and compressor, but i couldn't make up my mind on delays, choruses, flangers, fuzz... and it's always nice to have options for additional over drives and distortions.this is the 4th pedal on my board sitting behind a modtone lemon squeeze compressor, tc electronics mojomojo overdrive, and a wampler sovereign distortion.i give it 5 stars because it accepts pedals well and it serves so many different needs. normally, i have it set as just a chorus pedal, but occasionally i use it as an additional overdrive or distortion. it's great to be able to plug in whatever i need and know that the sound quality is going to be great!it takes a moment to level match each patch so the transition is smooth, and at some point i may take the few remaining slots and make them combinations, but as of yet, i really haven't had the need... a great utility pedal and a must if you're just getting started on your pedal board and you're not sure of what pedal you want where. this will help you figure things out... and if you're not careful, it may find a permanent home! 5this little foot stool is really sturdy. it stays in place beautifully. no rocking sideways, no wobbly action.if one of the notches doesn't do it for you, you're screwed: there's no gradual adjustment. but the positions it allows make sense for 99% of players. 5running 4 mics, samples and the odd phone call into one device for recording was a bit daunting.  this mixer handles it all perfectly.  i'm literally knew nothing about it when it arrived (first time i'd ever seen a mixer of any kind) in terms of usage but managed to figure it out quickly, get hiss free, nicely panned, beautifully warm sounds that have helped make my podcasting sound wonderful, professional and frankly better than i could have imagined.  i didn't need the 'fx' .. but the the other was out of stock :d i'll get to them one day.i wish it had a power button. 5this is a great chord for anyone needing to not spend the money on a high quality chord... it's no peavey but it works just as good... 5it came and it wasn't broken or bad and it held my brother's guitar for a few years until he sold it 5i am very satisfied with my hard shell a-style mandolin case; i received prompt delivery, it was reasonably priced, and a quality product; thanks! 5the wire clipper and winder work o.k., but the pin puller is badly designed and doesn't slip under the ball of the pin in order to lift it out. bad design by someone who doesn't use it to pull pins out of a bridge. i end up using a jim dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out. i've done it successfully for years. 2fretted maple fender(r) telecaster(tm)-style neck with truss rod this is one of many fender necks i have purchased from this company i have built several telecasters and fender p bass and stratocaster bodies all so far have been great to play the quality in the wood is great. i have purchased womack&#8217;s in the past granted there superb necks but there price is way over the top. when i must replace a neck i think for the money this isa great way to go johnj 5all guitarists know that there are 1 billion strat copies out there. they vary a bit, but basically you have a light, 3 pickup, versitale guitar that does that job - that is about it. but this legacy, which i can see as i am typing, is much more.first, the natural finish is what got me started. it seems that a natural finish is about as rare as a news web site without video ads. i looked at $700+ fenders, but except for the natural finish - what was i getting for $700? i wanted a strat copy that i could customize - this is it!. i am putting split hot rail-type pickups in this, and wow i have a strat, 3-pickup lp, and anything in between.get one! 4this was for a friend who needed a guitar capo. he hasn't had any problem with the capo yet. and the price was right. 5it's a great versatile foot rest that any guitar player can benefit from, very good value at only $10 not counting shipping, very satisfied. 5well i found the lesson very good and worth the money i payed as far as the instrument it self found it to be sub par would of payed a few dollars more if the instrument was better quality but the lesson is great 3pop filters already work great to block out wind and other unwanted noises from a microphone. and this with that extra filter on it, it blocks even more. it's simply amazing. worth the extra few bucks to get the double filter. if i want i can blow directly into the filters and it'll block all wind from the microphone and will only pick up soundwaves. 5always the best string i buy.  i like the martin coated as well but i prefer the elixer.  this is the first set i baught for my electrics but so far so good. 5for any sound techs that like to make things simple and easy to work,these xlr jumper cables are the way to go, and the quality is impressive . i used them for a new set of wireless mike to jump into my 16 channel board and was it so easy, my mikes are color coded and my cable fitted right in with the same color code thus making it easy to identify from afar and easy to control on the mixing board. 5i was a bit skeptical about buying this, but after reading the reviews i thought why not. it is actually a good little practice amp. i'm still fiddling with the knobs and changing the sound to suit my mood. it gives me the portability i needed to move about my house. i was using a mixer that's hooked to one of my pcs and using that sound card for sound. that works great, but sometimes i don't want to be tied down to the pc. i use the pc arrangement for recording and the amp for private relaxing guitar playing wherever i want to have it. i recommend this little amp wholeheartedly. just be mindful that it isn't a $500 marshall amp, but it does well in a pinch. 5this little amp is amazing.  it's loaded with a lot of samples of other great amps, and you can plug it in to your laptop and record it directly and you can go online and download other samples directly to your amp.  i love it!  if you need a practice amp (and you can plug your headphones in to it so you can practice in private) then this is the amp you  should buy.  the price is right, and the size is right.  enough said.  buy it! 5love it. makes plugging in a lot of stomp boxes easy peasy. quiet power supply, lots of cables and end caps and adapters, for what you'd pay for a single power adapter. it's nice not having to  dig out half a dozen power supplies just to set up and play. about the only thing missing would be some right angle adapters, but i'm sure you can find them somewhere.good quality, and the cord is extremely long for a dc power supply. 5you can find "cheaper" ones, but sometimes the schallers are same price if not cheaper.  these are the best design of lock in my opinion and will hold up to years of abuse and use.  i've had several sets for 13+ years and use them without hesitation. 5d'addario has been at the forefront of quality and long lasting strings for as long as i can remember.  this guage is perfect for all my arch top guitars. 5not as bright as i would like them; however, very nice.  i can practice without lighting up the whole house.  i'm glad that i bought it. 5i just recently started up learning guitar.this tuner has already paid for itself in checking that my guitar is in tune,great device!!! 5a booster makes your signal louder!  that has been the case with all the clean boosters on the market like mxr micro amp, ehx lpb-1, bbe boosta grande, modtone, etc.  they keep your guitar's original tone, make it louder and when pushed enough, will add a good amount of gain & grit.  but there is something else going on with the xotic ep booster.  yes, it also makes the signal louder, adds gain or a little dirt, but also makes your overall sound bigger & wider!  based on vintage echoplex units used by guitar heroes like jimmy page, duane allman, gary moore, etc.  this pedal is really small in size, has one knob & the footswitch.  it does have an internal dip switch.  you open up the back of the pedal & choose you own setting.  i leave at the classic setting, turn the gain knob at 9 or 10 o'clock & leave it on all the time.  i tried it before & after my od pedals and my personal preference is "after"!  being in front of the amp, it didn't do much when i tried to use just the dirt channel on my tube amp.  i put it in the fx loop & it boosted the signal alright but i didn't like it as much as in front of the amp boosting my od pedals.this is one pedal that will stay on my board.  i doesn't take up much space, built to last and will make anything you throw before it sound better.  it does one job only but it does it so well! 5i didn't know when i ordered these mic stands that they were on stage stands. they are fully adjustable, great for angling over cymbals to record drums or for using without the boom as great stands for vocal mics. excellent quality. i'm very happy with this set. 5these picks do have a nice grip, but they deaden the sustain on the guitar considerably. they just aren't quite my cup of tea. 3this thing is relatively heavy for such a small stand.  of course one might think that would translate into sturdy, and one would be correct.  super simple to use.  no buttons, levers, or knobs. just pop it open.  it doesn't have an actual mechanical locking feature, but the design is such that if you fully open the outside legs they will basically lock in place.  it holds my acoustic securely, and i have no fear that it's going to tip over on its own.  when you're done, just nudge the outer legs to "unlock" them and it's super easy to fold back up.i had a fender mini acoustic stand, but it didn't fold flat enough to fit nicely in my gig bag so i figured i would try this one.  i am quite happy as it does in fact fold flatter.  however..... i can only give it four stars because when folded the three back feet stack up and give it about a 2.75" thickness.  if hercules could have figured a way to avoid that, this baby would truly fold as flat as a magazine.  it's still pretty flat and takes up less room in my bag, but i think the marketing guys used a little creative license with that description.  (either that or they're comparing it to the cosmo year end recap issue.) still a great little stand and i would buy it again if needed. 4i love these picks. great for lead playing, and with small fingers like i have, they feel great! nice quality pick. 5this is a great guitar for the money. i paid $69.34 for my guitar and bought it through amazon.com from streamline audio video. it arrived ahead of schedule in great shape, ready to play right out of the box (after tuning it of course). if you want a better guitar than this, you will need to spend a whole lot more. the sound is great and it is easy to play. only about 41&#34; long and may weigh a bit over the 6 lbs. stated in the description. my strings arrived is fine condition and the action was very close to what i will need. 5i can now say i have used several others - coated martins, flat wounds, smooth wounds, exp, elixir, etc. these are pretty cheap and sound like a million bucks. their tone is slightly bright but not as &#34;harpsichord&#34; as the exp. i am done experimenting. these are the strings for takamine guitars. 5good deep tone for my acoustic guitars. easily stretched and tuned with no problems. you can not go wrong with d'addario strings. 5i love this capo better than any i have seen or used. great quality and price. you wont go wrong with this capo. 5i bought this for a friend who always wanted to play violin but never could afford one, the quality was surprisingly good considering how cheap it was, i helped her set it up (took 15 minutes max, just needed to get the bridge just right) and the only flaw i found was the horrible pegs that came with it, i had some spare rosewood ones in a drawer which fixed that small problem, as for the rest of the violin the furniture was workmanlike, not concert quality but serviceable for a student, the body was what really surprised me, for a mass produced student model it has a nice sound, i do believe that with nicer furniture, a better bridge, and strings i would not be ashamed to play this at a venue, how it will hold up over time is a open question but from what i can see of its internals it is well put together.this brings me to my only real problem, as she never has played any instrument at all she makes this violin squeal like a pig, i am no good at teaching so i got her a few books and downloaded some vids from youtube for her to watch but still...her husband has forbidden her to bring the violin home till she can play so she comes over here to practice, which has led my neighbors to believe i am responsible for the sudden disappearance of several neighborhood cats (i think the noise chased em away) i am waiting for the call from the spca as i type this. 5these are my favorite strings.  they last a long time and my fingers don't hurt when i play.  i tried martin strings once and hated them. 5pack of 10 guitar picks - check"meet the beatles" theme - checkretail packaging - checktwo-day delivery (got it the next day... thanks to prime) - checkhappy guitarist - checki can't really complain about anything, except maybe for the price.  but then again, i didn't have to buy these.  they are fun and kitschy.  5-stars. 5my son was cleaning all his guitars after opening this gift on christmas morning.  i am pleased with this product. 5a friend gave me a few of these and overall i like them.  i'd give them 3.5 stars if i could.  having said that, i don't like them as much as a regular nylon pick.  the star hole just feels a bit weird to me, though i could probably get used to it.  i'm glad i got to try these, but these won't replace my favorite nylon picks. 3my favorite brand of strings right now. 8 guitars now are fitted. they bend easy, last longer, feel smoother and a shot of finger grease spray just adds the icing to the cake 5when i first learned guitar, my buddies kept telling me i'd want a capo but i held out until just recently. the dunlop is secure, doesn't scratch the guitar at all, and holds the strings down as it should. instead of taking the time to adjust my tuning, i can use this to achieve the tone i want. good item for the price. 5planet waves has built its company making affordably priced accessories and these patch cables are no exception. i bought these at a local guitar center for about the same price. the thickness and connectors seems to hold up well although i may look for a slimmer alternative soon as some other reviewers have stated also that the connector ends are a bit large and could become difficult to work with in smaller or crowded pedalboards. 4i always put my recorder on the stage on a mini tripod that would get kicked over by band members. now i put my recorder on my monitor mike stand and don't worry about it anymore. simplicity at its best. 5this is thus far a good bargain. i have used it to hang a 12 heavy string. the arms of it adjust to neck size but when the weight of the guitar pull downward the grip tightlt. no chance of falling. there are likely better units out there but for the money this one is a steal. 4what does anyone really want to know about a string winder.  yes it will help you string your instrument quicker.  and yes, it's still in one piece. i would buy it again.  you may even buy 2 because the same gnomes that steal pick's and capo's take these too. 5the first rule of microphones is that, "no one microphone is perfect for every purpose."  rule two is, "experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound."  i've used shure sm58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968.  i primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but i have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.the sm58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use.  some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the shure sm-57.  the sm-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice.  for example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the sm-58.  people with softer or weaker voices will want the sm-58.the sm-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.)  this mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away.  the reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right.  on the other hand, the sm-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away.  while the sm-58 is certainly the number one professional pa vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly.  it works ok for conga drums and the like, but the sm-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar.  personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great.  the live vocal mic that works best for me is the shure sm-57 with a windscreen.  however for other people the sm-58 works better.  it depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do.  if you have a very deep voice, the sm-58 might be the second best choice after the sm-57 which has a better low frequency response.one certain advantage of the sm-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability.  this mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying pa squeal.  another advantage of the sm-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch.  the sm-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars.  i've seen sm-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet i've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.all the pro-line shure mics are top quality.  the pro line shures also hold their value well.  if you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on ebay.  i would compare as many mics as possible before buying one.  senneheiser's evolution mics sound really good too and are worth a look. the sm-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice.  these things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least. 4i've used both the es-57 and es-58 for several years now. they are a fantastic mic, great quality and construction. i love how hefty they are. i've got 6 of these and plan to buy more when needed. i would probably suggest a higher end if you were studio recording but i set up for live sound in and outdoors and these work great. i have several brands (some more expensive) but i always come back to gls. 5it does what it says. it a kyser quick change capo. this capo is great for changing keys in the middle of a song or anytime you are in a hurry. highly recommended. 5use this to record my guitar on garage band.  works and sounds really good.  i would recommend it.  great value 5for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at gcyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on monday, arrived on thursday 5i read the reviews on this product and decided that a lot of these reviewers probably know more about guitar effects than i do and since most people seemed to like it, i figured i'd give it a try.  i was not disappointed at all.  it gives you great sound for solos.  i've tried it on a few different kinds genres and found that it's quite versatile.  i still have to play with the settings a bit to really get the sound i want, but i think that's just learning about the effects this box provides. 5is a nice cable,,god quality  as always with the fender brand... guys if you need a cable that are not high budget,, and a god quality this is the cable.... 5just what i needed for my home studio monitors that sit on the table next to my computer and my daw system, was surprised at how many different versions i was sent, they all work well thanks heaps...... 5i got this yesterday, and everything was alright, except that two of the three mics worked. one was dead. i tested all three of them with the same, and different cable, and made sure that the the on/off switch was on. it was first mic i tested of the three, and the dead one of the three. everything was good except for that one microphone. 3all these harmonicas in one case and they sound great. you have to get use to the plastic but it is very easy to do and once you do get ready to play away. nice tone and fun. 5good deal. 4i put this on my mandolin.  this does not work as well as some others i have tried, but the other one i was using broke very easily, so i looked for a different, more sturdy design.  this works ok.  not the greatest, but ok. 3i've been playing guitar for 25 years and when i was first getting started for what ever reason i hated super slinkys with a passion. i was a fender or d'addario guy and eb ss were beneath me.fast forward to a few weeks ago when i got a used jackson with dead stings on it. i wasn't sure i was going to keep it but wanted to give it a chance with new strings. all of my guitars are setup with 10s but the jackson needed 9's and i didn't want to bother setting up the floyd rose for 10's on a guitar i might not keep.i came onto amazon to find some inexpensive prime eligible strings and these came up, wth i'll give them a shot.wow these are some good sounding strings. i have no idea why i didn't like them before, maybe my hearing is much worse than before? who knows. anyway i ended up keeping the guitar, a jackson dk2m. 4as the title says 8 weeks in and no issues at all.  it's comfortable and sturdy.  what else could you want in a guitar strap? 5this mighty bright is  great!!!!  it clips to my music stand, has battery power or ac adapter ( included) and lights up the entire music stand with very little glare. if you need a light for reading music or for just reading, this is it......... 5accurate little accessory only works with guitars. it seems to me that this tuner works by sensing vibrations of things that it is in contact with. only buy this if you intend to use it with a guitar. i don't know how effective this would be with other stringed instruments, or for uses other than tuning. 5works great, sounds great, it's a bit on the large side but is solidly built and simple to operate. tascam rocks. 5i tune by ear and the old fashion way, but this is so much better and locks in the note so you can really tell what you are doing.  great tuner. 5highly recommend this adapter because it is transformerless and has high current capacity for powering numerous guitar effect pedals. it is highly reliable and introduces no hum nor noise. also, it is designed so that it will plug into a power strip without covering adjacent receptacles. thanks to amazon for offering this great product. 5needed a boost with my headphones while playing rocksmith.  item works as advertised, very easy to hook up.  i am using with xbox 360 and auvio wireless headphones (33-283, out of production, but still work great) 4this is the wah i was looking for.  very versatile and built in boost feature is great too. buy it...you wont regret it. 5the product feels a little on the "cheap" side, but definitely does the job the way it should- so that's all i care about. it was cheap, and came fast. i recommend it. 4compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but i cannot abide the noise ... i tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ... 2dont be cheap.  take it to a guitar shop and ask for a full tuning for new guitars.  the low e buzzed pretty bad until i did that.  if you are doing more than just finger-picking, you might want to add pick-shield.  my wife used it for some naked newborn pics and the guitar got most of the compliments which i had very mixed feelings about.  if you play mostly standing, this is the guitar for you.  if you sit down, it slides out from your lap alot due to the curve of the back.  but it is loud and sounds very rich considering the price of the guitar.  good structural integrity thus far.  my newborn is now 15 months and its is holding up nicely considering how many times she has gotten a hold of it.  i really should get a case. 4what's not to love about these strings? the sound is fantastic ... they ring like they should. but my fret hand no longer gets tired after playing all night long. 5this foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!! 5the four-way diagram that comes with the switch does not tell you which side to use. both sides have five tabs and look the same from the above diagram given no matter which way you turn it. i figured it would go the same way as the three-way - wrong. you think fender would have the sense to figure this out, and give us a proper diagram, but guess again. just another example of the incompetence at fender. 3these replaced the stock tuners on my squier deluxe stratocaster and were not a drop in fit. there are two pegs on the tuners that didn't line up with the holes from my stock tuners in the headstock and required me to drill additional holes. i was somewhat expecting this thou so no starts taken away.these make string changes so easy and i love the ratio of these tuners. because they are staggered i was able to ditch the string trees as well. 5i bought this after mistakenly getting the same model in a size 8. this one actually fits, and works great one both my acoustic and electric. 5not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. solid heavy base. well built. does the job of holding a mic. no more, no less. 5does what it's supposed to do.  very sturdy feeling.  pretty sure i could strangle a person with it if i had to.  i'm not a dangerous person but you know, when people request wagon-wheel....... 5i use this pedalwith my acoustic guitar and it just sounds great, for the price and quality sound i can not get a better deal.behringer pedals and joyo pedals are definitely the best for the price and quality.thank u guys. 5there are a ton of phaser options out there - even from mxr themselves - which makes this issue a bit confusing.  i'd owned a phase 90 back in the 80s and wanted another one.  a few years ago i didn't have the budget to consider the more expensive mxr versions, so i just got this one.i think it sounds fine.  i gigged with it for years without issue.  yes, there's a slight volume bump, but i think this is really mostly a midrange hump that will alter your tone and give you some distortion, depending on how your amp is set up.  i always use it with a clean tone, and i'm used to it so it's not a big deal.if i were to shop for a phaser today i'd consider some of the other mxr models, as well as versions from other manufacturers which offer a mix knob.  a phaser is a very specific sound, but i love it in small doses.  for my needs this one works. 4this is a good quality microphone. the sound quality is good in the various modes, although i have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. it's easy to set up. under windows 7, all i had to do is plug it in. the instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for windows vista and xp. the instructions for vista are mostly accurate for windows 7, but i found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. also there is no driver supplied by the company. the microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. but it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure windows ones. also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. it's just a matter of attention to detail. the instruction manual is in english and french, but the warranty information is in french in both places. they both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the los angeles area. there's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate us law so i have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.the only real negative i experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. i'm using a fairly standard logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when i typed. i unplugged the usb cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. repeating the process yielded identical results. after rebooting the computer, the problem went away. hopefully there won't be long term issues.the bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. it will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if i were sitting two feet in front of it. that's with volume settings that work clearly when i really am two feet in front of it. the down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. but those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself. 4these strings are nickel which greatly reduces fret and saddle wear and they sound good.  if you are using stainless steel strings you are wearing those two critical guitar components down and they will eventually have to be replaced.  saddles are easy to replace fret wire can be costly as that type of work is best left to the experts which with it comes an added cost to the player.\so i (and many others) play nickel.bullet end?  if you are playing a stratocaster with a tremolo bridge the bullets are designed to fit into the string receivers in the trem block and in effect add more mass to the tremolo block which adds and aids the transfer of tone to the guitar as a whole.those two beneficial features alone convinced me to give these an honest try and over time (i've been using these for years) have proven to me to be the optimal string for the stratocaster.these are durable.  do they last?  well, yes they do.  i rotate guitars on the gigs so i would say that if i was using the strat exclusively and playing it as much as i do through the week - i end up changing them out every 2 to 3 weeks and i'm playing 4 nights per week not including rehearsal or noodling around and i put them through a rigorous workout.what would that equate to  in hours?  hmmm...  60 to 80 hours perhaps, maybe a bit more.  add to that sweat, natural oils, oxidation, and that i don't use cleaners or chems on the strings, although i do wipe them down after a playing with a dry shop towel. 5.i'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. i found one of these used for half the retail price. it had no microphone but i already have mics and i don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.well, it was great. i brought a small behringer guitar amp in case i had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. big surprise; my martin gpa sounded great through the pwma-230 and so did my vocals. i didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. it's light as a feather (i have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. and since i play there once a week i left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. i might give it 4 1/2 stars but i can't figure out how to get half-stars. this is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. with my zt club amp for my telecaster for band gigs and the pwma-230 for acoustic gigs i have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.update oct. 25th:i think others have mentioned problems with pyle-pro audio's customer service. i must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. i wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case i lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. i wrote a least three times and got no response so far. the website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. i still love the pwma230 but i am no fan of its manufacturer.update oct. 28to be fair, someone did finally contact me today. my questions were unanswered and i don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. i'll update as to the answers and information provided. 4not much to day, it's a polishing cloth, it cleans your guitar, and it does it right. good price too, nothing to complain about. 5i don't gig. it is unlikely that i will ever play in front of a crowd. but if you're like me, play as a hobby and like to fart around with various sounds and genres, this amp is a blast. it is very likely that i will play a johnny cash song on tuesday and a metallica song on wednesday. pretty much just make sure your guitar is in tune and dial up the sound. no pedals, no hours of minor tweaks, just punch it up and learn the song. virtually every genre is represented here. i also have to mention that although i like metal, i rarely play it. i prefer traditional r'n'r sounds and the spider iv recreates tons of my favorites in addition to the high gain ultra noisey sounds. even with the best modeling in the world, my les paul does not sound like a strat being played through 65' fender. it sounds digital. no getting around it.something else that weighed into my purchase was durability. although i only play for fun, i still play 2-3 hours a day. my 9 year old also is learning to play, so it gets a lot of use and moves from game room to garage to bedroom daily. the one thing that was common in virtually all of the reviews of line 6 amps was that they were long lasting and durable. i have a family member that is a professional musician and one of his band members gig with the larger 120 just becuase they can take such a beating.ultimately i decided that for the price ($300 at the time), i couldn't beat the line 6. there is just no comparing a tube amp with effect pedals against a solid state modeling amp. they sound better, more prefessional. they are also designed to be played loud to get the most out of the tubes. although the line 6 sounds tinny and at max volume, for in home play, it sounds terrific. there are mountains of reviews that compare the line 6 to vox, marshall or fender. they are all better than the line6, every one of them. but be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. good amp, great value. 4holds my picks but if i move it to another part of my guitar it tends to have trouble sticking unless i force it on the guitar 5if you are looking to install a guitar strap button or just want to upgrade your existing button, these are great buttons to use.  it comes with two buttons, two washers and 4 screws (two different sizes). 5use it on my mandobanjoacoustic guitarupright bassreg bassdon't leave home without itbut take and extra button battery 5this is my second ernie ball strap i have gotten, and sure there are cheaper straps out there its a crapshoot what your going to get from them. these straps have leather ends that hold the guitar securely, the strap itself is a step down from a seatbelt (if a seatbelt will keep me in place at high speeds this strap will keep your guitar in place at low speeds), and the length would be sufficient even if you are 7 ft. tall. coming in several different colors to match any color guitar this is the only strap i will buy in the future. 5i ordered these because i bought a variety pack of picks from musician's friend and there was one lonesome very thin celluloid pick in the pack. i loved how it quieted the strumming on my acoustic dreadnought, so i went on the hunt for very thin picks. the celluloid one fell apart quickly, so i wanted a better material.these white nylon picks should last a lot longer. the non-pointed end is all grippy (textured), so it doesn't work great if you like to use the more rounded corners of a pick, but it does the job and i like it. the pointed end is very thin and slides off the strings nicely, but you can still pick with it if you're combining picking and strumming.i'll keep using thicker picks for picking-only songs and for louder strumming, but for more mellow strumming and to keep from bothering other folks in the house, these are great.update: i've been using them for more than a year now, and they are pretty flimsy for picking notes in a mostly-strumming song... but you can do it. this is still my favorite pick for strumming. hope this helps. 4great deal on a capo, it's about the same quality as one i would buy for 5x the amount elsewhere.  it takes a while for the shipping, but that's stated in the description.  i was pleasantly suprised.  i would recommend this capo. 5this is a very good quality, nice sounding delay. you can get that classic "slapback" sound or dial you in some nice lead delays for that classic rock sound. very simple to operate and that's what makes these joyo pedals a "joy" to use. nothing fancy, but simple and to the point. another great selling point to me is that they are absolutely "true bypass". i have bought the cheaper, "plastic" pedals and they make noise. they say that they are true bypass, but they are not. these babies are dead quiet! i run mine through the effects loop on my bugera v22 tube amp and it sounds great! i also own the joyo vintage od (tubescreamer clone) and it is great as well. highly recommend!!! 5good quality bag for my epi lp. fit like a glove, in fact i wish they were a little larger to hold some accessories. 4bought this for a friend. cheap plastic enclosure. affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. he tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. stay away from this one and get a better used pedal. 2as a professional guitar player, i am always nervous playing a show with &#34;old&#34; strings. however, i've been using elixir for over 2 years now, and the strings really do last a long time. i would usually replace my strings every month, but i've started leaving them on for up to 6 months. 5its a pop filter, it works well and does the job.  however the neck on this thing is a bit long, so if you are using a short mic stand it may have some extra flex that gets in the way.  otherwise its a good option at a good price. 4the item came quickly and as decribed. it clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far. 5i 'm obviously not a &#34;techie&#34;.  i couldn't understand how my delightful, and so neat, little toy wouldn't work... until i found out that the battery was wrapped in cellophane - a-ha!to be fair i must explain that the battery was already installed in the tiny little amp when it arrived, so i didn't look too closely at it.  but of course when i couldn't get it to work for me, i soon discovered the problem.this product is the neatest, sweetest little delight for the eyes...and will astound you with it's capacity to roar out your music when turned up fully and respond immediately to your slightest touch on it's sweet little knobs to sound out your music from there and down to a whisper,  whenever you require it to.the sound from the speaker is as clear as a bell...no static at all...truly an amazing little gadget... attractive, so portable and does the job of one twice, or more,  of it's size. 5i have a lot of pedals...  in fact, i have 2 distortion and 2 overdrive pedals (though only the mt2 and the od3 are regularly in my rig.)  this pedal won't give you a "cranked up tube stack" sound.  no...  instead, it's very edgy and smooth as can be.  it has a mid-sweep knob on it to help sculpt your tone.  i usually use it as a mid-boost for solos.  you'll find that you get amazing sustain and a huge sound that you won't be able to replicate (easily... i'm sure the huge boss distortion box comes close, but for the price...) with any other pedal. 5i used other clamp type tuners and this one fit the bill perfectly.  i bought my dad one, too.  he loves it too!!! 5i use this pedal all the time now even more than the ds-1 . great chrunch for the buck from classic blues to rock its very eash to dial the sound you want in. 5i'm not sure what i was expecting.  this definitely is a fuzz, but the one i got doesn't seem to have much in the way of subtlety.  it's either nothing, a lot, a lot more or way too much.  it's not bad and it's probably just my personal preferences, but this just isn't my cup of tea. 3i purchased this to connect a sennheiser e825 mike with guitar amps. this requires, of course, the addition of a 1/4 inch adapter plug. the cable itself has worked perfectly and proved both durable and of a suitable length at least for jamming with friends and playing in small venues. recommended.update: i marked this product down one star after a connector fell apart during what i regarded as relatively light duty. the set screw fell out and could not be found. i've had similar problems with other pyle products. if you buy them, i recommend tat you get a micro-screwdriver set as well so that you can tighten te connector screws before you have a similar xperience. 4moen pedals are great.  nice quality at an unbelievable price point. this pedal is no exception.  it is a great sounding vibe with the bonus of a nice chorus which can be engaged by the toggle switch.  to be fair i have not tried many other vibes.  hard to when most cost over twice the cost of this pedal.  that being said i am absolutely pleased with the sound of this pedal and have had no need to look elswhere.  vibe is very trower like. think bridge of signs.  chorus is on the mellower side. very analog sounding not digital.  replaced my bbe mind bender and fits the bill so much better.  solid well built and should last.  i would have no problem gigging with this and have with no issues.my only issue was that after a year or so the pedal seemed a bit less strong in its effect.  i read online that a bit of electrical tape around the internal led's would fix the problem and indeed it did.  it's been fine since.  despite this needed fix i would buy this pedal again with no hesitation if i needed to 5this arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part...broken! ok...i bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option...it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.of course,i could not recommend this product to anyone...most disappointing purchase! 1i needed a single button switch for my little mustang i that i practice on. i've never owned the fender model switch but i know what it is. it will do the job but it's lightweight and won't sit flat on the floor if the cord isn't laying exactly right. i searched a little further and ran across this switch on amazon by scrolling down a bit. "marshall footswitch, one button with led by amplifiedparts." folks, this thing is built like a tank. the casing is made of heavy duty (i don't know what gauge) solid steel. there's nothing rinky dink about it. i plugged it in to the ftsw jack, clicked the button, the led lit up and the amp switched to the other tagged preset. again, light went out and back to the original. it felt solid under my foot and i don't think one can tear the casing up unless they have a 3 or 4 lb. sledge hammer. i don't know how well the electronics will hold up (i just got it today) but the switch, again, feels solid like it's supposed to. it cost me $20.90 with shipping. it takes a couple of days longer to arrive than what we're use to with amazon but it ships directly from amplifiedparts, i believe. i'm a fender fan but this beats their single switch. thanks for reading guys. lane h. 5my revised review (after about a year of use):the one thing i hated about these is that the screw that is suppose to hold the two pieces on the guitar strap together slowly backs its way out, so if you're not careful, your guitar will fall. it is now a habit of mine to tighten these two parts on the guitar strap, once every few days.my original review:very easy to install; didn't require drilling. i have these installed on my stratocaster in minutes. although it looks a little bit big and clunky, it's a small price to pay for stability. i probably will get another set, but may get the black ones instead of the silver because i think the black color may hide the "clunkyness" a little better. overall, a very good product. 3i really like the cherub pickup. it is the easiest to install in my classical guitar of any pickup i've used. the sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups i have. the pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat. 5holy buckets of tone batman!let me start by saying, i'm always on the quest for great amazing tone. i think it ends here. this pedal is absolutely remarkable. built like a tank, i'm pretty sure it will out live me. its full of sonic options.the overdrive has a level, tone and overdrive. almost self explanatory except the tone is more of a presence knob and less of an eq which is a total plus in my book. it also has a mini toggle for comp cut, fm, and vintage modes. the comp cut is more of a clean boost to push your amps front end, the fm is really transparent, and the vintage mode gets you that creamy midrange bite.yes, this may be another tube screamer clone, but it's a darn great one.the added mosfet circuitry toggle gives it a lovely growl your low-end fattening it up, if thats your cup of tea, while the standard leaves it more transparent. you should know this switch does effect the whole signal, not just that of the boost side.on to my only negative check on this pedal, the boost only works when the od is on. it is not a boost to be run in series with the overdrive, just additional circuitry to add more gain to your od signal.another great feature, this pedal can be run at different volts from 9v-18v.running at standard 9v gets you easier breakup, whereas 18v will get you more headroom.this pedal won't be leaving my board, probably ever. if you're even thinking about it, just do it!!! you'll never regret it. 5this is an update to my original review because i have now fully tested two of these capos.  i'm truly surprised by all the good reviews here.  i'm not sure how it's possible.  i've already outlined below in my original review that these are not jim dunlop capos.  i had purchased two, which i have now given away to student players as i cannot use them.  i tested the capos on a standard acoustic and also an electric guitar.  the e string buzzes when the capo is applied and no amount of adjusting the capo would stop the buzz from occurring. both capos had this very same problem.when i received these capos, i noticed right away that they were not the same excellent quality as actual jim dunlop capos.  the craftsmanship was visibly lower quality and the materials used are a lesser quality than official jim dunlop capos.  the rubber has a strong odor and there is no brand-name printed anywhere on the product.  as a professional musician, i need to purchase reputable brand-name products because i can't afford to have my gear failing during performances.  i have no idea about the future performance of these capos because they have no apparent brand, and no measurable reputation.  when i contacted the seller, they were not honest with me. 1background:i'm a gear-head, with an affection for pedals and always looking for amps that take them well.  before my current set-up, i played a fender strat run through my effects into a vox ac15.  the vox sounded great but i had two problems: 1 - the all tube amp made me worry that my amp could crap out in the middle of a gig. 2 - at 15 watts, even though it was loud, i'd often have to crank my amp to keep up with the rest of the band, and as the tube amp increased, so did it's natural gain.  that would normally be sweet, but it would color my effects with a different tone, and often times leave me having feedback issues.enter the fender frontman 212r!this thing has tons of clean headroom, and it seems like it was built for pedals.  i can crank the amp or keep it quiet, and there is no tone changes done to my effects.  this is a benefit of a solid state amp with high wattage and lots of clean headroom.  it makes it easy to dial in your sound every time, no matter what volume you play at.secondly, it's fender reliable (with a 5 year warranty).  no tubes means no tube issues.  yes, it doesn't sound as good as the vox by itself, but that's why i have pedals.other things worth mentioning:it's not as heavy as my vox (all tube) amp.  i can carry this in with one hand and my guitar case with another.it's got 2x12inch speakers.  they push some serious sound, and they have some low punch too.  my vox had a better speaker, but the 12 inch by itself would often get stressed at high volumes.  this amp puts out a wall of clean sounds that can put you down!my vox may be a better recording amp, but this is a better gigging amp every day of the year. 5this is not my only capo, but it's my cheapest.  it works as well as other more expensive ones.  this one was a good deal through amazon.com. 5great strings, and they last well! i've never had a problem with these and i'm glad i can get them on here for a decent price. 5well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...it's exactly what you would expect from behringer, it works...it's not great but it get's the job done, i feel it takes quite a bit of brightness and definition but it's still pretty useful for less than $25i don't regret geting this because delays are so much fun but i wonder if i should have gone withdanelectro d-8 fab 600ms delaywell, maybe next time...i give it a 3 out of 5, it wasn't this time behringer surprised me. 3this amp is a quality item for the dollar range (i paid $49.99).  there is some question about sound quality and variation in quality.  we purchased two of these, and one arrived with some minor issues, constant humming regardless of volume or eq settings.  amazon did a wonderfully quick swap and the new one arrived without the problem.this is not a 6000w stage amp, nor is it so quiet enough to practice without disturbing the neighbors...it has a full punch output at full gain/volume, and can easily light up a back yard.specs-input: 1/4" mono (not a tip and ring jack)controls: volume/gain and selectable volume 3-eq range knobs.  there are two volume controls, once for each side of the push button selector.outputs: 1/4" mono (for monitor or mixer), 1/4" dual mono headphone jack (tip and ring supplied from the same mono channel).power:  lighted front panel rocker switchthe box is very slim and small, about a foot by a foot and 8" deep, the rear is partially open, speaker exposed, and allows for cord storage.pros--portability, easy of use and set up.-quality finish (leatherette with steel corners) and good construction, 6" heavy duty lead guitar speaker-excellent sound and electronics for any amp under $100.  there are other manufacturers that have small wattage amps and smaller speakers that are $30-$50 more.  go with this one.cons--units run hot and cold as to quality, but if it works out of the box, it's good, if not, you'll know it as soon as you power it up. buy with confidence at amazon from amazon and you shouldn't have any worries.these amps power two squier(tm) by fender electric guitarssquier by fender bullet strat with tremolo bundle with strings, pick card, and polishing cloth - black, rosewood fretboardand do a great job.other accessories for the beginner electric to consider:cords -hosa gtr210 guitar cable 10 ft,planet waves classic series instrument cable, 10 feetstrap -planet waves polypropylene guitar strap, blackstraplocks -dunlop dual design straplok system, nickelhanger -string swing hardwood home & studio guitar hanger (shades may vary) 4put it in my fender dreadnaught and only wish i have held out for the the next step up in quality with the mic as well...  love it to death, had it pertinently installed and love the sound and the versatility.  the built in volume knob it a great tough.  i could go on, but there are reviews on you tube that will do a better job than here. 5definitely holds the guitar well . a little pricey but probably worth it. i'm a fan of dunlop in general but think they got it right with this one. 4i got this to eliminate all of the cords that powered the effects units as well as get something to house everything securely.  this board does the job for at least 6 pedals.  the behringer pedals fit nicely into the foam slots and so far have not moved around during play. what i have to get used to is that the pedals are no longer against the floor, meaning that i not have to lift my foot higher to get over the boards edge to press them.  it should just take some getting used too.  one concern is that the linked power cables don't have anyplace to disappear into. i will be working on this. what i am not happy about is that the board is always on when plugged in.  the only way to shut off the power is to unplug it.  i wish it had a power switch. 4this may have been the best money i've ever spent for a guitar accessory. i can dial the pressure to exactly what i need for any spot on the neck. it has a smooth action, no "kerchunk" noise. my guitar stays in tune when capo-ed. i love it! 5for the price, this works really well. i see no faults. it can unscrew pretty easily, but this is hardly a problem right now. 5this is a really nice music stand. i wasn't expecting it to be such high quality. i wanted something better than those cheap metal music stands that would get knocked over by a small breeze of wind. definitely got what i wanted. the orange gearlux logo looks pretty cool too. buy it. 5this is more of a like it or hate kind of item. if it doesn't work, you hate it. if it works, there's nothing impressive about a stand, so i just like it. 4this is an amazing pedal. delay , flanger ,phaser , tremolo , pitch shifter. all sound really good and completely adjustable. only downfall is that you can only use a single function at any one time. for the price this is a steal. behringer rocks. 5seagull guitars have intrigued me for years in photos and on their website, but there is no dealer anywhere near me, so i bought one sight-unseen from amazon, based on the good reviews. i'm glad to say i can add my voice to the chorus of praise for this innovative design.a traditionalist will need some time to become accustomed to the unusual appearance and construction.  the narrow, reverse-taper headstock and wide fingerboard give this guitar a bottom-heavy look when viewed vertically. back and sides are cherry with only a light stain, and the binding is dark. the top is natural cedar.as dreadnoughts go, this one is very comfortable to play sitting down. it appears to be based on the martin outline, but with a slightly rounder lower bout and a narrower upper bout. weight is pleasantly light, and the semi-gloss finish is comfortable to the touch. players with broad fingers will appreciate the wide fingerboard, but those with small hands should consider the ""slim" version, with a neck 0.08" narrower at the nut.sound is what really counts, however, and this canadian dreadnought has nothing to be ashamed of there. the maker has the good sense to ship the instrument with high-quality, fresh strings, allowing the new owner to appreciate the notable bass and clear midrange as soon as it is tuned up. overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume.buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). if you are not experienced in these tasks, a local luthier should do it for no more than $30 or so.based on sound, playability once adjusted, and construction quality, this guitar should definitely be included when comparing instruments in this price range. it is a real standout in value.update 8 dec 2012: the more i play this guitar, the more i love it. it delivers balanced sound with good dreadnought "snap", and once the action was dialed in, the broad fingerboard relieves finger crowding i didn't fully realize hindered my playing. i am considerng replacing my takamine mini-jumbo with a seagull equivalent. 5a inexpensive guitar stand that was easy to assemble (1 minute) and holds up well. very pleased with this purchase. 5there are so many reviews of this little jewel, i won't bother going into details but it's everything i could have hoped for and more. the sound quality is amazing and it's very easy to use. i'm using it for so many things including a music player for my truck. i take it everywhere and it has never let me down. i had to get my own carrying case but for the quality versus price and accessories that are included, i have no complaints. 5needed some chorus in my tone and this fit my budget. i have owned multiple behringer products and trust the brand. it is a plastic casing but i don't tour so that won't be a problem - i needed the effect and it gives it. fully adjustable for depth, tone, warble and volume. don't spend $200 on a 'boutique' pedal - get this one. 4the width is nice, wide enough to distribute the weight, but not too wide.  attaching it is a snap.  the suede gives it a nice 'grip' to your shoulder so the guitar doesn't slide around. 5i purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that i simply could not ignore.  it was brand new, unopened, in box.  they allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. in that environment i thought it a nice instrument.however, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was very busy and noisy.  it's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.this is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  it measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  i have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  the advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  it's tuned to adgcea rather than eadgbe.  one cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until i got it home and read the instructions.  so my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  it takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  so all is not lost there.  it was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because i didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that i impulse buy).so tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  that's where the yamaha really falls short.  this is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  there were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  that this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.there are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).the action is of course too high.  that's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  but along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.however, the thing that bothers me the most:  if i wasn't aware this is a yamaha guitalele... i'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  there's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  this instrument sells for about $100.  that low cost is obvious.  this is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  i can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  the tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. the finish is-- unfinished.i bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on amazon-- and i respect those reviews.  people have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  however i've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and i know the difference between quaint and cheap.  i own two ovation guitars, a peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. and no i'm not hawking epiphone.  facts is facts, that's all.  you can read my very-positive review on the epiphone on amazon).when i got this  home and took a good look at it, i found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  in truth the only positive thing i have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  the only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  other than its portability, i find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).one must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  but low quality is low quality.(edit two weeks later:  i just today saw the cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  the cordoba is much nicer.  it's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  sorry yamaha, but facts is facts.  had i seen the cordoba and yamaha side by side, i'd have bought and kept the cordoba.)that's my honest review.  i know some will disagree.  but others know exactly what i mean.  this isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. however-- i paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  as mentioned, the cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and i was able to return it.  i simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are. 2i've been playing guitar for years and personally i would prefer cleartone or elixir strings. i bought these for my little sister and she loves them. they have a really nice sound to them. i feel like you could probably get some pretty equivalent strings for less money but my sister is very happy with these. 4what  great idea to put all three tools needed when changing strings into one tool. the cutter even works well. 5awesome product works great. it even lets you set your level recording options for low or high level or between settings.it has lots of cool features listed in the manual are clearly defined how to use in manual.short version it's awesome. 5it supplies my microphones every time i run out. i'm glad i got this thing. i rate it five out of five stars. 5i own three of these, and have them attached to the back of my headstocks. great idea, great concept and great quality. only problem is that they do not work with the smaller picks that i have recently adopted. dunlop jazz iii, the dunlop max-grip jazz iiis and my dava jazz picks just won't stay in there without slipping out.for regular sized picks, it's a perfect product. for smaller sized picks i improvise by using sd card cases -- perfect fit for jazz picks. 3this is a great analog delay, analog meaning you're not gonna get a lot of crazy sounds and delays that last forever. if you're looking to get creative with lots of weird sounds, get the boss digital delay. this pedal is intended to just color your tone a little bit and it does so in a spectacular way. i'm very pleased with it. 5after reading many review on my yamaha 700 acoustic guitar i have owned and played for 4 months, i finally took the advice of other consumers.  many people suggested changing the stock plastic nut and bridge saddle to improve tone.this guitar is an incredible deal and piece the way it was.  i did put a light set of d'addario strings that made a world of difference.i was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle.wow, it really did make a huge difference.  this guitar is such a quality piece, especially for the money.  but, with the string and bone upgrades i can't imagine a sweeter sounding acoustic.  it changed the tone to that of a classical  guitar.  i am so happy with my changes.the high notes are pure and ring nicely and lows are rich and deep.  the sustain is a drastic improvement, each note lasting nicely into the next.  i am so pleased and excited with my guitar.if you own this or any other acoustic with plastic nut and saddle.....change them, it's a very quick fix.  and find a nice set of strings. 5i have two sets of these for my straps.  the push button action is most convenient vs. fighting stubborn leather openings, especially if new.  the gold finish matches my instrument's hardware and they are sturdy and durable.  works for me! 5i love boss pedals. i owned a ds-1 (distortion) and a mt-2 (metal zone) for years, and loved them both. this one, is a good "meet in the middle" of those two. it's great if you want some really good bluesy distortion, or you can crank the color and get some thick distortion.as always, this pedal is very well constructed and sturdy. i love it. 5this stand was very inexpensive and i thought i could save a bit of money and give it a try for use with my epi sheraton ii.  unfortunately i am just not all that comfortable trusting my guitar to this stand.  it seems to be built well enough for what it is, but it seems quite unbalanced and always on the verge of tipping backwards. also, for left/right stability you need to set the guitar just so in the bottom support piece or it seems 'tippy'.the construction itself is 'ok'. the rubber tips on the feet seem fine, but the front legs seem overly long with the rear foot overly short.  the body cradle is nicely padded but isn't firmly seated inside the center tube and even though it has a rudimentary locking design, it just isn't all that solid.  you can adjust the height but just inserting the top piece into the bottom caused deep scratches in the black paint of the top tube piece.  it ships with an unsightly white upc sticker which must be tediously removed if you want it to look good onstage.granted, the sheraton ii is a large and heavy guitar but the onstage is billed as "heavy duty" and to me that means solid, which this stand just isn't, at least with larger guitars or basses.  when you use a guitar stand you can't afford to be dealing with something that is in the least bit temperamental or you risk damaging your instrument and possibly even your livelihood.bottom line, you get what you pay for. for smaller, lighter guitars, strats and such, it may be ok, but for dots, sheratons, 335's and larger gretch's, i just wouldn't trust it and that goes for most basses as well.i will need to look for something else. 3these dunlop 88 mm picks are the right size, not to big or too small.  been using these for years.  always good to have extras on hand and put into the cases.  they never wear out.  they are not too stiff or too flimsy.  they work good for the sound on the strings.  easy to hold on to. 5these strings sound super awesome! i'm not sure what the engineering specifics are, but if your looking for responsive, easy on the fingers strings with nice bendability and sustainability, these puppies won't let you down. 5i definately helps cut down &#34;wind whistle&#34; on my mic. can't say anything great about the product but i cant say anything bad. it does what it is suppose to 3this product is something every guitar owner needs.  it is well built, performs well and sells at a very reasonable price.  the sting cutter works well. 5yes!  i finally have a tuner that fits right on my guitar headstock!  it never needs to be removed!  it's accurate.  it's easy to use.  it's low-profile.  highly recommended. 5whats not to  love, inexpensive, and does it's job....after reading some of the rather poor reviews, i checked it out for  signs of poor quality or workmanship... only thing i found was that  the pin rockrd a bit... there were three screws in the body that i used a screwdiriver to tighten up.. .i suspect that complaints of falling apart could have been from missing or loose screws... not much of a chore. i did back out the screws a bit and added a drop of clear nail polish on the threads for some insurance that it would not loosen up...anyway, that is the view from where i sit...just got it and used it, i will add to the post if things turn bad.. 5just slipped this windscreen on my mic (a wireless brand) and it barely fit perfectly. any smaller and it would be going in the trash.the foam is obviously of good quality and it's plenty thick. i'm using it mainly to protect the mic's metal screen, but also to keep others' germs off the mic (seeing as how they tend to put their mouths on it!). 5this is a great little ukulele to have around the house.  i originally ordered a different one and got this one in error, but musician's friend showed exceptional customer service and refunded me the entire amount of my purchase (which included a change out set of strings), and told me to keep it all too!  i was floored!back to the ukulele-at first i thought this was cheap enough to knock around and abuse, but i found myself actually liking this one!  the action is fine, and with a change of strings, it sounds pleasant too.  i used the d'addario j53 black nylon strings.  the tuning is a bit off, but easily compensated. it's a fun strum and well worth the $20! 5these replaced the etb92 nylon tapewounds i tried. i didn't realize how much low end i was missing until i put these on. very nice. 4what can you say... at less than $30(incl shipping), it's a steal! i was looking for a very inexpensive version of the popular sansamp, and this does it for me.  decent svt, flip top or "fat tube" tone, and a nice quiet di.  i go di to the house, and the output into my old seymour duncan amp/aguilar gs410 cab. great tone!! i'm using a 9vdc class ii wall wart (found it in my "spare parts" closet) vs 9v batteries.  with the wall wart, no di hum = great! does eat batteries, so get yourself a power supply. never use the foot switch; if used at all, i use my finger.  if broken or lost(who would steal it?), i'd buy another in a heart beat! 4love the colors and the price can't be beat. wished maybe they came in yellow? other than that, great picks. 5i use this for recording guitars as well as live vocals.  i've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged.  i couldn't be happier with it. 5i purchased these to replace the springs on my usa standard stratocaster.  these hold a lot more tension than the modern style black springs.  holds your trem solidly in place and reduces travel during bends.  using 10's on my strat, 3 springs was sufficient, if you want to hard tail it, just drop all 5 in. great product. 5i will just say that in my opinion, if you are looking for something to take your taylor to a gig in, you are better served with an skb. in a sense, the case should mirror the guitar it will hold. however, all that being said, this gig bag is perfect for less expensive guitars. it is well crafted and cheap. i use it for my ibanez exotic acoustic electric. a nice guitar, but not one that i would cry about if it got a scratch or two. anyway, i also store some extra picks, my strap, and a couple cords in the bag (along with a fretboard cloth, a set of strings, a tuner, and an allen wrench for the truss rod). all in all, great value for a good item. 5fast fret, or at least some kind of string cleaner is a 'must have' for anyone who plays guitar. because, if you think about it, strings get really dirty over time, and this product solves that issue. :) 5finally broke down and got a new one after my original crybaby bought in 1976 finally died. a great pedal, well made! 5so i recently purchased the visual sound one spot combo pack and i must say i am quite pleased. i was checking out some of the higher end products (t-rex fuel tank, voodoo lab pedal power) and just didn't feel like forking over the money. maybe one day if i'm going to be playing gigs on the regular and can afford to pay around $200 i'll go for one of the other products, but from what i read on the visual one power supply i was willing to take a risk (especially for the great price)currently i'm powering 4 hardwire pedals, a dunlop wah pedal and the berhinger cs400 (see, i'm cheap sometimes - but effectively so) so i'm already using 6 of the 8 power supply cables. all pedals are powered without issue, without noise, there is no hum or hiss or delay or negative effect whatsoever! i can't say enough how excited i was to see this as a viable option for powering the pedal board i just put together, and when it came through and worked flawlessly, it was all the better. i would highly recommend this product to any beginner guitarist starting to fiddle with effects pedals, or even a moderate or novice player - it's simply a reliable and affordable way to power your pedal board. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars!rock on 5this is a great little tuner for guitar. love the fact i can tune all 6 strings at the same time 5nice item...works well...great price, no need to own one of the more expensive ones for the job it does. i have to type more... oops got enough typed :) 4my banjo arrived a couple days after i ordered it. it tuned up very easily, and for me it holds tune nicely. it has a good ring to it. so far i have only had to replace one string, but that was most probably due to inadvertently letting it sit in front of a forced air heating vent. 5just got this stand today.first impressions are always important, and this stand gave me a good impression.it seems to be made solid enough, not like some cheap off brand crap.the base is solid and heavy to keep the stand from falling over.the telescope mechanism is quite well made.comes with a cable clip and an adjustment piece for smaller mic adapters.i got mine set up to extend up to 3ft tall. it's quite the perfect height for when i'm seated on my stool.one thing i did not quite like about the construction is the crew on rod to the base place. it unscrews easily when the mic stand is moved. maybe adding something to keep it screwed in?would recommend to others.probably will be buying a few more to mic my amps and cabs. 4does what it says it does just as everyone elses reviews say it does so not a very helpful review here but i had to write something in order to give a rating 5simple, no frills, stand.  only problem i've had lately is that the velveteen padding on top seems to get loose and keeps coming off.  a lil' glue will fix it, just haven't had time! 5great item!sturdy, had it for a few weeks now. small, light, durable. holds the strings down perfectly too great capo! 5very happy. holds my lies paul and schechter guitars very well. had a bit of a chemical smell when first opened. 5purchased this tuner awhile back to be able to check my tuning periodically without having to access my in line tuner. this is a great tuner if you know what you are using it for. with that being said, this little clip on is not intended for gig use per say. if that is what you are looking for, an inline tuner would be much more efficient and accurate. this little guy is best suited to practice (if you are like me and don't use your primary rig for at home practice and don't feel like breaking out the old pedal chain) it does the job and does it well. now could you use it for a gig? sure i suppose so, but bear in mind that it is not an "in-line" tuner therefore any excessive background noise will cause the accuracy to be a bit off. for the price it can't be beat. it swivels (although not much) but enough that you can clip it on, read the nicely lit lcd and tune up quickly. great product that every player should keep in the case with their guitar. 5this guitar strap is very stiff and cuts into my neck.  also, the &#34;pick pocket&#34; is only useful when the strap is around your neck.  when you remove the strap, any picks in the pocket fall out.  it is ok, definitely not great. 3i just received these cables today and the packaging they come in is quite simple. however, there are two zip ties that secure the cables together so you will need to be careful when cutting them not to damage the cable itself with your knife or scissors.these are, "value" cables after all. however, they seem very sturdy and are perfect for budget home recording studio use. i like how audio technica made something like an xlr cable look so pleasing to the eyes.as for quality, so far i've been getting a clean signal, even with my cheap pyle pro pdmic58. i had to replace the cable that came with that mic because it was really that awful. hopefully the at value cable will hold up! i'll update this review if anything happens.if your looking for a decent cable for a low price, i would give these a try. 5have always liked  ernie ball products,so i thought i would like to try their strings,to see how they work,i am very pleased ! 5you know, any time a company actually sticks a battery in the box with their product, it just puts a smile on my face. planet waves has not only made a great, small, easy to install and easy to use tuner, they included the battery. that's an a+ in my book.i've got a 12-string acoustic guitar. pretty much every time i go to sit down and play, i would waste a good 5 minutes grabbing my old tuner, balancing it on my knee, and trying to tune up. with this head stock tuner sitting on the guitar, i just turn it on and quickly get in tune and down to the serious business of jamming. it truly makes the task many times easier. the display is easy to read. it's read when the string is way off and green when you're close, using lines on either side of the key/letter to indicate sharp or flat, or right smack dab in tune.if i had the money, i'd stick one of these on all my guitars. as it is, having it on my 12-string is going to save me hassle and time. this baby is worth every penny and i highly recommend it to any guitarist. 5i love this little device:the colors of the display are a nice touch (red on the left hand side and green on the right).the color of the device.the interface is great and the clip works well.it's very accurate and i love how its chromatic function and the fact that it has a very large letter for the chord (versus being hard to read).a very attractive price.  i bought two.  it would be easy to have one for travelling purposes and to leave one at home just in case you lose it.  and it's so cheap, it wouldn't matter if you lost it. 5this pedal does exactly what my title suggests... it creates a huge walk of smooth rich fuzz... very smashing pumpkins feel to this. it doesn't do many different tones, but what it does it does very well! and frankly, once i find a good tone out of a pedal, i don't change it often anyhow! this is an amazing value, and a welcome party of my pedal boards. (p.s.: i have the russian variant...) 5great all round pick, one of my favorites.  easy to grip and are pretty quite.  they wear out extremely fast though. 5this is a nice strap. it's kinda  hard to get on the 1st time because it's stiff. that turned out to be good  good thing while dissecting the underbelly of swamp rat, it would  be sad if your axe fell in your soup! 5the on stage xcg4 tubular guitar stand is a decent quality simple guitar stand like almost all the others, so here is how i rated it. there are really high quality stand of the same design, but i will not use those stands as a comparison.  seriously, the tubular guitar stand has been around since dirt.  if you somehow made one that retails for over $30 and are able to sell it, i applaud your marketing team.continuing on, this is how i rated the on stage xcg4:if it were over $13, it would have gotten 3 stars.between $7 and $13, earns it 4 stars.if it were under $7, it would have gotten 5 stars.i hope this helps,~jp.s.  the currency is in us dollars.  please adjust accordingly. 4i was able to connect it to my pc. there was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the pc, but once i installed better midi software (coolsoft virtualmidisynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. i had problems getting it to work on my imac. it recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer. 3after you use these the large, flimsy old school picks will be used just when you don't have one of these babies available.  these are the best picks out there.  if you don't have these already you better purchase them now.  black or red, the color is the only difference. 5bought this as a supplement to my other amps (to record blues tones).  i first saw it in a big box musician's store while there was a "blues guitar session" going which is a public jam session open to anyone.  they had a lot of tube fender amps plugged in.  i was surprised when i plugged into this amp away from that group, turned it up, and started playing... it sounded just as good as those other amps.  the two employees that worked there and two other customers couldn't believe where the sound was coming from... even the other players checked it out.  i don't understand how fender has managed to keep this amp a secret for so long... poor marketing maybe?  i don't know, but if you want a blues or blues-rock amp with some great vintage tones, check these out.  pick up a used one.they sound like a tube amp because, essentially, they are.  the amp sounds big and warm from the tubes, not thin and tin-like.  has great overdriven tweed, blackface, and bassman models.  a couple of the marshall settings aren't bad either.  this amp sounds better than the super champ to my ears (tried this out at the store as well) which makes sense since it's a class a amp as opposed to class b... warmer and more articulate.the speaker is decent but this amp also sounds great using an external speaker cabinet.for home jamming and recording blues without driving everyone nuts, this amp is a god-send.  check one out and you'll want it. 5this little beast works great for guitars or basses in loud or soft environments.  just clip it to your headstock and tune up in under 30 seconds.  i've even used it on the bell of my trumpet to tune up to pitch.pros:- dead-on accurate.  you can easily set your intonation with this little monster.- works great in extremely loud environments.- clips on tightly.  if you don't jump around like an orangutan on stage, you could probably have the snark ride your headstock through the whole show.- you don't have to plug into it.- extremely responsive.- enough display detail for you to know when you're getting close to in tune -- not just 3 indicators like some tuners (flat, dead-on, sharp).- very inexpensive.cons:- a little twitchy on the open low b string on bass. i use the 12th fret harmonics (first partial) to tune, however, since it's a purer tone that seems to resonate in the headstock more, so this has never really been a problem for me.inexpensive enough to keep one in every gig bag or case -- for every instrument you own. 5i have a lot of high end instruments, and i live in new england so proper fretboard care is a must - especially with ebony and other woods that are prone to cracking and drying.this stuff is fantastic - much better than lemon oil, dries a lot cleaner and doesn't leave any oily residue on the board at all. an hour after it's applied it sets up and doesn't get on your hands. i apply it on occasion with the strings on (i use elixirs) and have never once had a problem.the best few bucks you'll spend on guitar care. 5 stars. 5tc is very overrated.many pedals i have out performs this in my opinion.  the vintage bbds (mxr vintage delay, morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  but for newer pedals i liked the mxr carbon copy and ibanex de 7 much better. 2durable, yet lightweight and sturdy. and, the price is right. pacific hardware is excellent, right up there with tama. i would buy this again. 4it's oil....what more do you want?turn upside down, squeeze hard, use your &#34;man&#34; level strength and soon the tip will darken, apply liberally to your fret board in a back and forth motion. immediately wipe your fret board clean just to take the wet look away. let sit for a few hours then dry rest of the way rubbing with cloth.it's okay to soak the wood as long as it's momentary. don't saturate the fretboard and walk away, wood absorbs oil, too much oil absorbed = fretboard wood becoming swollen and buckling, losing shape and flatness. not a good situation.lemon oil isn't like other oils, it isn't very slippery and kind of makes things grabby. it's oil but it actually works more like a solvent, cleaning things and making them sqeaky clean....like your frets...hint hint.just be sure to buff off all the excess and put a little string lubricant on your frets before you re-string and you'll be a happy camper. 4simple, compact, well constructed, easy to use, and sounds good; all things you would look for in a capo.this is the original shubb capo, designed for most acoustic guitars with metal strings. the shubb website describes the huge range of specific capos they make, each with their own specialized use. the c1 is probably the most universal of all the models. this fits a les paul traditional 08 (gibson les paul traditional plus electric guitar, heritage cherry sunburst), aprs se custom 22 guitar, grey black with tremolo bridge, andepiphone lp special ii les paul collection electric guitar, vintage sunburstelectrics. the primary use is for a laguna acoustic.follow the simple instruction card included with the capo to adjust the tension. it's key to not get too much tension.we've had trouble figuring out where to park this capo. mostly it goes in a pocket. once the capo is adjusted to fit the neck, it doesn't clamp tight on the headstock. not a huge deal, but a consideration. 5these are great patch cables especially for the price. they don't suck any tone they are reliable(i've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget. 5there really does not need to be a 10 page review that breaks this thing down to every tedious detail. this is a tuner that clips on the headstock of the guitar, and tunes it in perfect pitch. for a 10 dollar bill it is impossible to beat. these are a staple on every single guitar in our band! bright and easy to read! 5these bags are large.  i didn't realize they would hold large tripod stands.  my other bags were a lot smaller and sometimes the tripods would stick out the top.  it would have been nice if there was two pockets so two tripods wouldn't touch each other but this still works great. 5i've been using it for nearly a year now. i was going to buy the boss rv-5 when i somehow discovered biyang. i had never heard of them, but at 1/3 the price of the boss and stereo ins and outs, i gave it a try and i haven't looked back. the 3 modes are nice. i leave mine set on hall because i've never liked spring reverb, but the spring setting on this pedal does sound exactly like a spring reverb. the decay time in any mode is more than enough for probably anybody, and i can say the same for the blend control. overall, this is a great pedal with lots of sounds that will suit just about any style of playing. more than enough decay and wetness. seems well-built. i've since bought other biyang pedals and i have never had any issues like other reviewers have stated. i'm not ashamed of having chinese clones on my board. in fact, i highly recommend biyang whenever somebody asks about it. 5good cable, as good as any expensive brand. thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. no complaints at all. 5clear amazing cable very underrated incredibly cheap and amazing sound quality overall 5there are other rack screws out there, but raxxess makes the best quality screws and soft washers available. 5i really don't see how gibson can make and sell these for $99!  the tech at the guitar shop can't see how either.  i plugged this into my roland micro cube and tried some effects.  i was really surprised to see how well they sounded.  i'm not a guitar player so this uke is just a toy/experiment for me.  if you are really into electric sound, i recommend going the guitar route.  if you just want to play around a little, this uke will do. 5d'addario is one of those manufactures that seem content with making a quality product for a reasonable price.  their string selections compare very well to the pricer brands and i have yet to find a better buy. 5it works well and gets the job done but the battery dies way to quickly, other than that its has a cool clip that lets it be placed anywhere 3light weight, compact, and all in one tool, what more could i ask for?this tool does three things very well, turns tuners on stringed instruments quickly, cuts musical instrument strings, and helps pull acoustic guitar string pins. what's not to like? well the cutter part of the tool is a little hard to open - guess i'm used to side cutters or pliers - and it doesn't cut strings really close to the tuning pin - it leaves about a half inch of string hanging. oh, if you actually follow the three loops of string theory for stringing your guitar (go to the elixir strings website and watch the excellent guitar stringing videos from the taylor guitar factory) your wrist will get a little tired turning the crank for the tuners. the alternative is a battery operated turner that weighs a ton more.i find it very hard to believe that with normal use on stringed instrument strings, somebody could manage to break this plastic tool. the tool is made of sturdy plastic. if abused, trying to cut copper wire, it might break; but the tool was never designed for that use.i've used this tool now for several months and expect that it will last for a very long time. i use this on three different guitars, an acoustic and two electrics (les paul and prs). the pin puller works just fine, i actually put a rag on the guitar body to prevent any dents in the wood. the tool fits inside my hard shell gibson guitar case. this is a very nice tool. 5i use this for my home recording studio. this stand is versatile enough to be used at almost any angle. from playing and singing piano, recording guitar and vocals, and other various positions. sometimes hard to keep the mic firmly in place but that may be a function of my shock mount.cheap and highly recommended. 4this is a very good piece of equipment for its price. used mildly, it gives the sound a more natural feel. 4i really like these strings.  while they are not quite as bright sounding as uncoated strings, they still sound better than many other strings, and they last so much longer.  they will easily out last a set of uncoated strings by at least 2x... probably closer to 3x.  nice tactile feel on the right hand with reduced squeak as you move up & down the neck.bottom line is elixir's sound great, play well and least a really long time. 5compared to ernie ball's cloth, it's good enough for wiping down things.  it is soft and non abrasive; eb's cloth has that and also has a clinging element which seemingly cleans and absorbs. overall good cloth for general use. 3you really have to have a lot of wind inside you to play these harmonicas, they are great but you really got to blow hard to get them rocking, adding distortion to them helps to brings out a better sound live or in the studio. these fit my budget and plus you get every key you need for any song......wow... hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company. 4i own the older color bank with the bulbs and it works better that this one. i love the size, weight and led bulbs on this one though. it has a nice color throw too. it also has speed control and audio control just like the older model but........this new led version is built with less quality. when you turn both speed controls all the way down to the lowest settings, the bulbs still keep flashing to the next one, about every second. they do not stop flashing when it's plugged in since it don't have an on/off switch. if you are using this on a switcher, then it wouldn't be a problem.i'd prefer the light to stop when the music stops, but it don't. when you try to adjust the audio flashing, it is so sensitive to sound that the lights just keep flashing very fast in rotation.also the circuit board inside is held to the metal panel by 4 plastic pegs sticking through the back. they will stick your hand and eventually get pushed inside and the small circuit board will move around. within 1 hour of getting it, i had to take it apart, push the plastic pegs back through the holes and melt them with a hot knife so they would stay in place.i love the light but it's not as useful to me since it's "always" flashing. it's possible i have a defective one, not sure.the cool bright led bulbs are the best part of this light.***update,  i played with one of these in the store and it actually worked better. when you turn it all the down, the lights stopped flashing until the music started again. the one i have never stops flashing, even when the music stops. i guess i got a bad one. 3this stand is very nice, it is black and it does its job very well. it also has a strap on the top holder to secure the guitar when it is on the stand. it is like an added bonus. 5personally, i love the nanoweb strings.  i have 4 guitars, and they each get played once every couple weeks.  as i'm no pro, i don't want to put strings on them that i'm going to have to change every time, just to mess around at my apt.i don't mind that they are extra slippery, or that they sound a tad bit "different" than other strings.  they're exactly what i want - a string that makes my guitar sound good for 4 months without changing strings. 4this guitar strap is very  comfortable and was easy to fit onto my electric yamaha guitar.very durable and affordable.my only gripe is that the color doesnt match my guitar as well as i thought it would.colors are abit too flashy. 4it wasn't terrible for someone who was a beginner with electric guitars and amp but after a while, it becomes less and less useful. 4i have several capos & this one really surprised me for the price. it's light-weight yet strong and the adjustable grip is great for any neck. compared to my g7th which costs 3 times more, it is a great buy. i really like planet waves products. they are made well & last. 5mxr make pretty good pedals for the money. i thought that this would be a high output, saturated type distortion. it is not. it has plent of volume, which is good for boosting. but, even with the gain knob turned all the way up, this thing is an overdrive. which is not a bad thing, if that's what you are looking for. very mid-rangey sound as well. just not for me. but it's well built and would make a decent od. but, overall, a pretty vanilla flavored dirt pedal. 3what more can you ask for in a pedal that runs you twelve clams and ships for free?  this is not the highest quality pedal in terms of construction or tones, but it gets the job done nicely for cheap.  if you are just starting to experement with stomp boxes (or you are addicted to collecting stompboxes like yours truely), you can't go wrong with the fab line.  i find the placement of the knobs just slightly annoying, but it's a nitpick at this price point.  if you are looking for something like the boss ds-1, this will pretty much cover the bases at less than a quarter of the price of the boss pedal.  if you are looking for more of a light breakup kind of box on the cheap, get the dano overdrive instead (the silver one).  i also find that for about ten bucks more, behringer makes some great clone pedals. 4wanted a tuner not dependent on a quiet environment.so far, works well.sometimes slightly imprecise on a bass string, but generally works great. can tune up quickly every time. 5guitar picks. what can i say? i bought these along with my first guitar, so its not like i have a preference. but they come in a pack of 10 so there are plenty of spares when you lose them, and you will. definitely good enough to start with until you gain enough experience to know the difference between all the many kinds of picks. 4my friend has commented on its bright color - "you'll never lose that thing!" i hope he's right cause i love this little tuner. works well and easier to read than many of its competitors. 5exactly what i was looking for. a jazz iii- sized pick (smaller than a common-sized guitar pick) that works better for me because the grip nubs make it easier to keep it in the proper angle/position 4works well as a pop wind screen for our field operations. when the z108 party patrol is out and about the never leave without it. 5this is a cheap and easy upgrade!!!  at about 20 years old, my mim standard strats' hardware was starting to show her age.  most of the screws and the bridge had some surface rust.  for about $40 bucks, i was able to replace all the screws, springs, bridge, neck plate.  this is stage one of my rebuild.  the tone block on the replacement bridge has about twice the mass as the original which increases the tonal quality 10 fold.  don't forget the bridge screws as this bridge replacement does not come with them. 5i use this to power a big muff pi, mxr compresser, ibanez tube screamer, and a planet waves tuner pedal. the only pedal i have that it won't power is a digitech whammy, but that was expected when i bought it.  it works great. i use the 9-volt battery adapter to power the big muff and it even works perfect. i get no extra hum with the 4 pedals and it only takes up one spot in my surge protector. great little power source. i'm not sure i'd use it for professional gigs, but great for home use. 5by definition, medium is an in between size. but when it comes to guitar strings, most of the range goes from extra light to medium. on that scale, these strings would be above a literal medium. for me, the guitar is not an everyday instrument. i don't typically spend five hours a day with one, and sometimes go weeks without picking one up. but i do have periods where i will spend many hours a day playing and don't want something that will kill me.medium in the guitar string sense of the word is too much for me. light and custom light are easier to play, but can make a higher end martin guitar sound like one closer to the bottom of the line. for me, these light-medium are exactly where i want my strings to be.if you like martin's medium, find them a bit much at times, but find that you give up too much when you play much lighter ones, you may find that these are a great choice. i don't feel i am missing anything compared to the medium. if i had two identical guitars with new strings of each type, i would probably find differences in a side by side comparison. but without that, i don't think i'd notice the difference with normal listening. with the lighter varieties, that would be far from true.if martin extra light and light were the skim milk and 1% milk of strings, these light-medium would be the 2% that came along for people who wanted something lighter but still came close to the whole milk taste. 5i bought this ac adapter for my electro harmonix od glove pedal, this ac adapter works in many pedals, a great option, buy one. 5great strings! used them for years -- always loved them. put them on an eric johnson strat. wouldn't use anything low quality for that guitar. 5i like this product. the screen is big and easily read. the meter is responsive and lets you know via a the needle, the note (sharp or flat) and by the background color going green to red. it takes 2-3 seconds to 'hear' the string but then it locks right in for all notes, even the low e.  it's really easy to use and i'm really happy with it. its so much better than my korg ca-1.  the only suggestion for improvement would be another swivel. it takes a minute or two to figure out how to attach it to the guitar head and have the screen in the right position. an additional swivel would make it perfect 5works great, no issues. bought this to adapt the mike plug to 1/4" jack so the mike can plug into a regular amp for the grandkids to "karaoke" with. 5i bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what i found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). the release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.bottom line: if you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. for everyone else, look elsewhere. 2far better than any light weight chrome stand, this has guts!  easily adjustible, knobs tighten easily and firmly.  good height adjustment for sitting or standing.  highly reccomend this stand! 5this works amazing! it is very thick, which is great for a nicer sound on the mandolin. it also works great for a guitar. it works really nice with steel strings, but i have yet to test it on my ukuleles nylon strings. 5it's very small.  it's a fabric stretchy capo, the old type, that's quite difficult to stretch and make stay.  it's made with an end that you stretch the fabric over to connect to hold the capo, but the end isn't very long and i don't trust it to stay while playing for long.  i'll keep it as a spare, just in case, anyway. 3let me just start out by saying that i've been playing guitar for over 30 years and have owned a lot of different pedals over all this time. i still own most of these units except for this one...the joyo compressor. my setup is a very simple one...starting with a stratocaster to compressor, wah-wah,  super-overdrive, boost pedal, delay, then straight into the front end of a tube amp with reverb & vibrato. i don't want to get into a long blown out history of all the compressor pedals i've tried over the years but i know why you want one and how to use them. this thing simply didn't work right out of the box. while the outside of this stomp box is all metal, the inside is full of very low grade parts from china. loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. i ended up sending it back for a full refund. i don't in anyway blame the seller. they took care of me without a hitch and i would buy from them again...just nothing with the name joyo on it. if you're only buying these based on price i would say buyer beware...you get what you pay for. 1the mxr csp202 or dunlop custom comp is exactly what i'd been searching for...for years i played with only a crybaby and a phase 45 on the floor and everything else in a rack system. the rack systems had amazing studio quality compression and big complex delay boards, blah blah blah... but these days everything i have sits on a furman spb-8c pedal board (highly recommended) and so i've been quietly searching for a serviceable foot pedal compressor, and that is harder to find than i had previously imagined... apparently they aren't easy to make..? i've been through 4 (coun't 'em four) foot pedal compressors and wasn't at all happy... an engineer mixer buddy said go try this pedal mxr csp202 - so i did - and it's perfect...benefits:1) it's easy to match your output gain on the pedal - so when you step on it - the pedal activates quality compression and not output volume suppression2) it's easy to understand right away - 3 seconds of looking at the pedal and you're done - 3 minutes of fooling around with it and you get it3) it's quiet but very effective and professional sounding4) it's solid and works exactly like very expensive rack compressionnegatives:1) it's expensive considering there are compression pedals for 1/2 this price2) it's got the 9 volt power supply connector on the wrong side of the input quarter inch jackover all the thing is a home run - you can work around he poorly located 9 volt connection - you can wait a few weeks and save a few more dollars if you need to, but you can't fix a bad compression pedal if you buy the wrong one... i highly recommend this pedal, after a long process of searching and being disappointed i'm glad i found this pedal 5lightweight, small, simple to use, and it's easy to read in broad daylight.can't ask for much more in a tuner. 5i just did a quick mic test with this cable and everything sounded good.  it coils nicely and has good connectors. 5i've owned and used this product for some time now and am quite happy with it. i did notice that i had problems with an unpleasant humming introduced one time when using it with powered speakers, but i believe this was more so my fault than that of the unit. i learned that my active speakers did not care for input cables past a certain length. for greater distances, using a wireless transmitter to deliver the mixed sound and its matching wireless receiver connected to the speaker units solved this problem completely. the fx processor works flawlessly just as long as i remember to push down the selector to engage the desired function. very easy to use. compact in size. no ability to instantly mute an input device other than to turn down the gain. for the price ... what can you expect?!soon i will be in the market for an upgrade ... one that has slider controls and the ability to connect to my laptop via usb. i need a few more xlr inputs and at least a 7 band equalizer and compressor/limiter for larger gigs and a fairly large choral group and its accompanying instruments. just waiting for a good deal. 5im using this with five pedals and it works great. no added noise, no signal loss, and saves the cost and hassle of constantly replacing 9v batteries.comes with a nice assortment of adapters for use with just about any brand of pedal out there.probably not the most durable power supply available, but for the price, it cant be beat. 5wow!  this is the pedal to own.  there are a lot of good pedals out there, but this one has that original, bright wah tone and a range of features and tonal settings that can take you from 70's quack to surf warble to rock tone sweeps. just amazing! if you don't have to have a specific dunlop signature pedal, this will get you through most of the tonal range you could imagine. a great purchase and built like a tank. 5i purchased this to use until i get the replacement to my ovation cc28 and it is load and clean. for $20.00 it is worth all day. 5simple, easy to use tuner, awesome price, works on guitars and basses, i am very happy with this product, very portable too 5it's a good banjo capo.  inexpensive  and it works well without squeezing the strings out of tune. end of story 4i've been using ernie balls cobalt slinky light gauge because i like the feel.  i got these from the vine, and wow, they are awesome.  they cost no more than the strings i normally get, but the tone and feel is totally different.  i can't comment on how long they'll last or keep in tune..but for now, i'm impressed.  i'll probably keep using these on my santana prs for awhile since i like the sound.  every once in awhile, i'll step outside of my box...i mean.. i know the strings that i like and i tend to stick with them.  i use d'addario on my acoustic guitars, and ernie balls on my electrics..except for my strat..i like fender bullets on it.  so the sample from the vine...sorta of nudged me..and i'm the better for it. 5very inexpensive soundhole pickup with a impressive sound.very high gain,fits in all size soundholes.good heavy construction.of course it's not great.i'm not on stage or anything so works fine for a novice like myself.if you have a taylor, martin or gibson that's not already ae this is not for you & i probably didn't even need to say that!!i just have a cheep rogue that sounds good with this pickup.it's just a matter of how much you want to (or can) spend.i'm happy with this pickup!!joe 4i was impressed by the quality of this product. it is simple and does its job well. easy to release and will work with a fat neck acoustic or les paul or with a thin neck on most metal guitars. holds strings tight and is easy to place with no fret noise. was a great value. 5i use these with my mxr effects pedals and they are awesome.  top quality.  i would recommend these to anyone.  sincerely, doc 5i bought these as spares (and they look really cool too!). i think everyone has used fender mediums at some point; these are no different. reliable, last a while and more important they're inexpensive! 4definitely worth the $40. if you are looking for a literal octave pedal this ain't it. this is a good old school fuzz monster, and when combinations of notes are played, most notably an interval of a 4th on the lower strings it creates an overtone series that has a subtle octving effect. i've used this pedal to put some growl in my bass, kind of an e.h. bass balls sound. 5this strap has a fantastic old-school look and vibe, and i've never had it slip off while playing.  the only downside is that it's a bit rough on any loose skin.  i could never play with this strap without a shirt and sometimes if it rides up i can feel it on my neck (but that is very rare and only if playing with a loose t-shirt).  for 99% of situations these strap rocks. 4well built, easy setup, very quiet. using with procaster, worked well enough but better with addition of fethead, high quality unit. 5i had been leery about leaving my fender 5 string custom jazz bass on guitar stands until i met the hercules gs414b.  the stand is "built like a tank" with sturdy legs and a strong upper support that fits the neck and headstock of my bass perfectly.  my bass weighs about 9.5 pounds with the strap and with its long neck, fits perfectly in the hercules, with the body of the bass resting  well-balanced against the padded legs.the design and reclining angle of the stand makes it extremely stable and i experimented with trying to tip the bass over. it will take more than  an "accident" to tip the bass off its stand.  the self-closing mechanism works very well and requires no effort to lock or to unlock.the lock is engaged by simply placing the bass in the locking mechanism.  the lock releases by lifting the bass from the stand.my only dislike is the bright yellow paint on the leg hinge mechanism. i would have preferred  the stand being a more conservative all black. 5old good design. for the price i've bought 4 of them and just put it on all guitars, so wouldn't have to search for pick again 5this is a nice little pedal. it effectively quiets all my other pedals. works as advertised. not much else to say. get one! 5when you are upgrading your fender to a gold package nothing completes the upgrade like a gold fender jack plate. 5these strings are really quite good, but i wouldn't call them perfect.  the unwound strings are not quite as bright as i am accustomed to, but they still ring nicely.  this is the only complaint i have about these strings.  if the unwound strings were a tiny bit brighter, these would be 5-star strings.  as it stands, i give them 4.5 stars... not a big knock, actually.the low-end on the wound strings is very nice and quite warm.  i put these on a jumbo and it definitely accentuates the &#34;jumbo&#34; aspect of my acoustic.  the sound is very big, full, and nice.definitely a recommended product!4.5/5 stars 4i don't know who would need better unless you traveled a lot where you might need the hard case.  this one surpassed my expectations.months into using the gig bag and not a single problem.  the pockets are packed with books, tools, and strings.the shoulder straps make carrying the bag across town a breeze. 5i really like these strings, because i have sweaty hands that tend to make the strings on my guitars corrode and rust very fast. i can play a guitar once, and leave it there for 2-3 weeks, and the strings will be rusty and nasty when i return to it. i now rub down the strings thoroughly after each session playing them, but this stil happens.then i happened across these elixir nanowebs. they are great. i no longer need to rub down my strings so thoroughly, and they stay rust and gunk-free for 2+ weeks (of regular playing). however, i did encounter one strange thing. while playing at a rehearsal, my e-string just popped and broke, hurting my finger a bit. i was surprised, because outwardly the string didn't look that bad.so that is the downside. with regular strings, you can tell the string is near the end of its life b/c it looks really bad. with these, they may still look okay but be close to breaking. made me a little cautious.i still prefer these 100% over other strings, though. 4if you're a metalhead, stay away!! i tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey rogue g10 blows it out of the water. this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion. it's great for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. but if you demand metal, get far away! 1this stuff works amazingly. if your interested in buying the product, don't listen to the people who say it is too dry. i thought it worked good, and mine was a bit dry. this stuff isn't supposed to be really waxy, its a hard wax so i would think it was supposed to be cracked. mine wasn't that cracked, and it worked great! i love this product and would definitely recommend it and say this is a must-have. 5volume control is nice. two clicks to choose from- the low click is better than the high one to my ear. i would recommend this product. 4considering that the sm57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the shure sm58lc shure sm58 vocal microphone, i guess the 58 gets batman status, relegating the 57 to that of robin. but that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.the sm (studio microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. in that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the sm58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. so the sm57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.one of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the white house. a pair of sm57's is always seen on various white house podiums for press conferences and there is even a vip bundled kitshure sm57 vip dual microphone kityou can buy for this exact type of use.the sm57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. that's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. and on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.there is a performer seriesshure beta 57a microphonethat looks very similar to the sm57 but the beta 57 has a different mic capsule and transformer and sounds different. so make sure you try before you buy.bottom line is the shure sm57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. a best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians. 4i recently acquired a vox valvetronix ad100vt combo amp from my local music shop. i use this amp mainly in the modern uk preamp setting for most of the music i play. when i tried it at the shop it sounded great. of course, i couldn't go stage level in the shop, so i couldn't really get a feel for the sound.i took it to practice the next day and was really put off by the floppy sound of the low end when "chugging" on the low e. so i went about experimenting. first, i converted the combo amp to a closed back speaker cabinet instead of the original vox open-back design. small improvement, but not close enough.after couple of weeks, i also noticed some volume variations as i played. with a little research, i found that it is one of the signs of a bad tube. i did a little more research on the 12ax7 tubes and found that they are not all created equal (of course) and was looking for one with tighter low end. this one came up in the specs of doing just that. (i believe it was x[...] where i got that info)i got the tube this morning put some gloves on an went about switching out the tube. (yes. treat these like halogen bulbs. the oil from your skin will create hotspots and damage the tube quickly) i pulled out a gt groove tube from the amp. i was totally surprised! groove tubes were the tubes to have in the late '80s. now a days, i read they are rebranded chinese tubes. so sad.anyway, total tone improvement. got the bottom end i wanted and i had to make some significant eq adjustments from my original settings and easily nailed the tone i was so looking forward to. 5first of all this is not the best microphone ever made.  but for what they cost they certainly are more than i expected.  i give it 4 stars as a microphone period, without even taking the low cost into consideration.  they are so much better than the next cheapest thing that they are worth the extra $5 for sure. i bought one behringer xm8500 then two more a couple of months later planning to use them as rehearsal microphones for a geezer band start up about 5 years go.  however, we actually have used these for vocals at some live performances when the sound tech's personal sm-58's are busy at another job.  i honestly think we sound about the same either way and maybe a little clearer with the behringers.  at one time alice cooper and his band were using the behringer xm8500's, however they may have moved on now for all i know.these are not shure sm-58 clones even though they appear to be cosmetic knockoffs.  they have a slightly hotter output and a more flat response to my ears while the shure's have a more pronounced lower mid boost that makes the male voice sound bigger and sometimes more distorted if not eq'ed correctly.  they are an ideal backup vocal microphone since the behringer behaves like a compromise between a microphone tailored for a male voice and a microphone tailored for a female voice and actually works well without heavy eq.  it also is if anything more versatile than the sm-58 as it can be useful as an acoustic instrument pickup microphone working for anything that you would ordinarily use an sm-57 to pick up.  it doesn't overload easily, has a high output and a tight pattern with about the same feedback rejection as the sm-58.  it has a reasonably decent blast filter, so if using it for outdoor instrument pickup you don't have to add a windscreen.  another strength of these is durability.  my 3 have sustained numerous drops, a couple of falls happened while boom stand mounted so not only did the microphone fall but the weight of the boom stand was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  no damage at all to any of them!  i used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now i just shrug. one weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  the stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. if you want sm-58's you need to buy sm-58's.  if you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  no on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the sm-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  i don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  you can pay more and get less. 4i put this in a $200 guitar.  i have a recording king (rd-06) that sounds so good, that i wanted to use it for live gigs.  so i popped in this k&k.  i ran it through my swr california blonde ii acoustic amp.  if you have been wanting an acoustic guitar to have that &#34;miked&#34; when you plug it in, this is as close as it gets!  i recommend getting a sound-hole cover if you play with a band, but you will not be disappointed.  the installation can be a little tricky, but with a little patience and reading, anybody can install it.  if you don't feel comfortable, just go pay a local luthier to install it for $30, or ask your grandmother for help :p 5ok, so i just installed these things for my krk 6's (no stands...just sitting on two other speakers).  what can i say?  the bass, which previously had disappeared in my studio, is now present again!  my monitors sounded kinda thin before because i was losing so much energy to my desk, but these things have made a ton of difference!  my stereo image even feels wider now!sure, they're a little pricy, but hey...they work!  if that's what they want to charge for them, and people continue to buy them, i'm cool with that!  i'm happy with the reults my $40 got me!5/5! 5bought this rosin to see how i would like it.  i have a very light hand on the bow, so i like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  this is not.  since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error. 2the effects are good but the controls and setups are clumsy and kind of annoying and after a while i just couldn't live with it. 3this product works the way it should be. no frills, no bs. great price at amazon as usual. 5i really wanted this to be a great product.  the screws strip out too easily.  basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  i had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  nope.  even the pop filter fell off.  i love the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  just make it one solid piece.  i'm tempted to try to fix it with gorilla glue because i do love the design.  it's just not strong enough.  not that it's a surprise though.  not much of anything is worth the money these days.  it's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  why should they?  they already have your money.  i feel like i should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  besides, what are they going to do?  replace it with another broke a$$ product?  better yet, refund my money for the product i paid - minus shipping????  that doesn't include the time i spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  i want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  whatever, don't buy one.  companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  what would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  did you test this product?  how did you test it?  what were your results?  is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?nope 2it works well as a standard clutch, as a drop clutch its very iffy.  the top part spins around when you hit the lever so you have to grab it and move it back so you can hit it again. 4i got this for one of my guitar students whose mom just wanted a cheap case for her acoustic guitar.  now, let's be clear - this is easily worth $16, but it is a very bare-bones gig bag.  it will protect your instrument to a degree - it only has minimal padding - and is probably good enough for any beginner instrument.  one of my students has one of those esteban infomercial guitars, which is pretty low quality (but not terrible and not unplayable), and the gig bag for that instrument has no padding whatsoever.i only give 3 stars because for a little more money it's possible to get something which i feel is noticably better.  i have a musician's friend acoustic gig bag that i paid ~$20 for a few years ago, and it's well made and probably has twice the padding of this thing.so, this isn't bad, it's worth the price, it's put together just fine, but it only just barely serves its purpose of protecting your instrument, and i'd never trust this with an instrument of any value.  gig bags can be a good alternative to a hard case if space or weight are a concern.  this isnt' a bad choice, but just be aware of what you're getting. 3great gig bag for acoustic guitar. very well made with good padding. it has six nice pockets, a rubber bumper, and two straps. it fits the guitar nicely. i would definately recommend this to anyone with an acoustic guitar that needs a gig bag. the strap and picks were an added bonus. a great value. 5i use this soft flexible cable between my 48 volt phantom ps, and the mic connector to my system because it need not be long to do its job. no audible hum detected when using this mic cord, either. feels solid, and will probably last for many years to come. 5i bought these because they were an &#34;add-on&#34; offer and i'm glad i did.  i don't play uke but a friend turned me on to using them for bass. these are a little too soft for guitar (check out the dunlops) but i'm going to make sure i have some of these around, too. 4a very good strap. 5i own several taylor acoustics, and a few other kinds of guitars. i bought the original pack of these from a suggestion of a friend who had a few acoustics damaged by humidity (too dry). these are so easy to use, and can be &#34;recharged&#34; if you feel like $12-15 for 3 is too much every couple of months. i've successfully recharged these using distilled water about 3 times now, and they work just as great as they did new. these also come in a resealable package, so you can recharge them and then store them until you need to replace the other set in guitar case.you can tell when they've dried out by the fact they get crunchy feeling. it means they need to be replaced.to recharge them, i take a large ziplock plastic container with a lid (big enough to hold 1 quart), and then pour a few cups of distilled water in the bottom. next, i take a smaller empty ziplock container (the bottom of one big enough to hold a sandwich), and float it on the water in the larger container. then place the 3 packs in the floating container (stacked on one another or on their sides) and seal the top of the larger container with a lid. it traps the humidity in the container, and the membrane on these packs is two-way, so they absorb it until they reach capacity again. 5well-conceived, spring loaded slot holes multiple picks.  it is small and can be affixed (self-adhering) to the guitar near the bridge so you always have picks handy when you are ready to play.  inexpensive solution and quite handy. 5i bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes i record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... ill use these sparingly...jim 2if you're looking for a 12-string acoustic, then what more could you want than the epiphone dr-212?  the craftsmanship is excellent, the sound is fantastic and it's easy to tune and play right out of the box.  add the limited lifetime warranty and gibson support and this guitar can't be beat.  the price is amazing for what you get, and to top this all off, it has been chosen as a guitar players magazine editors pick.  you don't have this guitar?  what are you waiting for?  order it now while the price is this low!  go ahead! go for it!  you won't be sorry... 5i thought it would be resin or plastic.not so: it was made heavier and nicer.the metal must-have will be in the family a while i can tell. 5i am not hard on cables.  i typically just plug them in to my guitar, dont move around much, and play for an hour or two a day.  this one seem to perform just fine.  no buzz, and/or other noises noted.  i have several of them and they have all performed well. 4these are great strings. they are the right length and go on easy enough. they are color coded which helps a bunch in getting the right string in the right hole as long as you aren't color blind. they go on, sound bright, and keep that new string sound a bit longer than uncoated strings. had a salesman tell me once about these coated strings that they last forever, you only have to change them every 3 months or so. i had to reply that forever just doesn't last as long as it used to. changing strings is no fun so if over the lifetime of your guitar you have to do so 1/3 less, that is a good deal even if they don't last forever. that means more guitar playing and less guitar stringing which is a no brainer in my book. worth the extra pesos. 5high end pick.  felt comfortable even with its larger size.  took awhile to get used to but really liked it. 4i generally use d'addario with my acoustic guitar only, but i decided to try it out on the electric and i am very satisfied. it has the same light feel as their acoustic product, but it can make all the sweet tones i want it to when hooked up to an amp. i'm not sure on how long it lasts because i only put them on the guitar a few days ago, but they seem just as perfect as they were when i put them on. i would recommend you try these strings on your guitar because they work for me. 5excellent for a serious youngster learning to play, priced right.  the thirteen-year-old for whom it was purchased likes it very much and is progressing very well. 5classy and comfortable, it looks perfect on my beat up black '76 tele custom. i've never had a complaint about a levy's strap, they're expensive but always seem to be worth what you pay for them, unlike some other brands (*cough.. fender... *cough). 5awesome cord hope they make more and the world will be a better place, peace and love to you all !!!!!!! 5this is an all metal (exc. for the adjusting screw) stand, full-sizedfor 20 bucks.  exceptional value!!  what more's to say? 5i have these on several of my guitars and i love them.  nice and stable, easy to change strings and lock tightly.  always check the diameter of your peg holes prior to installing. to note these have the two peg placement anchors on them, so if your headstock only has the single hole for the tuning peg, you will have to do some drilling. really nice upgrade for your standard tuners. 5dunlop slides are nice and smooth with rounded edges, they sound great, they're indestructable (so far) and they're supremely affordable.  i own a few of them.  i prefer a shorter one most of the time, but i use this one often, as well.sure, you can spend more on a slide, but i see no reason to. 5after 35 years of buying stands all i can say is that i should have invented it myself. i have many expensive guitars and i wouldn't use a inexpensive stand before i found this design. so if you're shopping and wonder if it's really good, you can trust me, because i'm way over qualified to pass judgement on this and i care about guitars and about amazon shoppers. 5i was amazed by the quality of construction of this item. it looks like it can put a dent in a car or break windows.the chrome on the sides looks very cool. makes it look really smart.the battery installs easily by simply unscrewing the rubber feet at the bottom.the sound of this wah is pretty much exactly like hendrix clapton from the sixties. its a wah and wah and does just that.i tried it on both clean and distorted sounds and it sounds great on both.i'm not sure if its a true bypass but i have a feeling it is. because when its switched on without the battery there's no sound coming from it. correct me if i"m wrong.it's different sounding from the crybaby wah. you should listen to both to know which is right for you. i wanted the "tales of brave ulysses" sound so i went with this. 5will this replace a pro fret job? nah...that said this works great for use a few times a year to clean the frets an make them shiny and smooth.end results[...] 5not a lot of moving parts on this piece. lol its a simple piece to attach to your strat body. 5i like tweed jacket cables because they are hard to get tangled up and are easier to identify than having a bunch of standard black cables everywhere. i use the right angle side to go into my effects pedal board and the other side to go into my guitar. the right angle is nice because it's low profile and fits perfectly on my board, even when i put it in it's travel case. everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem. 5this is a really nice product for the price.  when fully extended, it becomes a little tippy, but i don't fully extend the legs which gives it a wider, more stable base.  otherwise, it folds up nice and small for travel.  nice product! 4i love my laptop, a thinkpad t40. it does almost everything i need .. almost. a mono mic jack, no other inputs. the behringer u control gives me stereo now. the behringer reputation pulls through once again. i've tried some usb sound cards without success. this product puts my older laptop besides newer ones. well done behringer!!! 5it does a great job for the smallest of foggers available and low budget price.....works great with moonflowers and lasers i have gotten...the fogger enhances them greatly and is so worth the benefit it provides in regards to my lights....i really wanted to use it halloween on treaters but it rained hard and didn't want it out on the porch.....next year! 5very good reliable product to help keep track of your guitar picks.only thing i can see negative about it is that you cannot fit very many picks inside of it.it does help to have a few stowed away for when you need them.i was not satisfied with the extent of time it took them to ship this product to me.it seemed to take forever although it has nothing to do with the product and only the vendor i ordered the product from.dunlop has always created some very top quality products for guitar players.they have a great reputation and they uphold a high level of quality no matter what the product usually.this product as advertised did not come with any picks.if you order this and need picks make sure you order picks separately. 5having 250 feet of xlr - xlr (m-f) cables that can be used any way i want (e.g. 2 ea 125 foot for stereo, 1 250 foot for mono, or 10 ea 25 foot for multichannel work) is very flexible.the packaging on these was also well done with a ziploc type bag and a velcro reusable wrap on each cord (white) to store them when not in use.as all of my sound equip is xlr or speakon connectors, this worked great for a recent outdoor dj job.  i ended up using all 10 of the 25' cords for mics and amplified speakers, plus another 6 of their 3 foot cables for interconnect.  you can never have enough xlr cables or adapters! 5i had changed my strings with some new martins i got recently. they were bloody awful! luckily, i'd also picked up a package of these ernie ball strings. first of all, they were packaged better than the martins, they went on more easily and after i tuned up, they sound so much better! thank you ernie ball, for making far superior strings. my guitar thanks you as well (grin). 5i love this stomp box although i never stomp on it :-)  needless to say there are a wide variety of reverb available to you.  my amplifier doesn't have reverb so i route the effects send to it and leave it on.  it has just become part of my guitar tone now and wouldn't think about playing without it... 5i purchased these cables for my behringer 802 mixer & mxl 770 mic and these cables are perfect! finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing i have the professional cables to back me up! the best xlr cables you can find. hands down. 5when i first installed these tuners my guitar would still go out of tune. mainly the second to the last string at the bottom and i later learned it was the wrong tuner and the string tree was too blame. sometimes i just don't pay attention to the obvious;)it turned out that there are 3 short tuners and 3 long ones. the long ones go on the top 3 strings, the short ones the bottom 3 strings, get that because i had them on incorrectly. and even worse, i was using the string tree which is the part that holds down the 2 bottom strings. the string tree(google guitar string tree and you'll see one) was actually making the strings not stay in tune with the locking tuners. i know silly but i was not paying attention.the reason you use the short tuners for the bottom is so the guitar will stay in tune! the string trees get in the way and when you whammy the strings go out of tune. please take a note of that.overall a good product. 5i bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. he says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. i purchase these strings a lot for my son...you can't beat the price for these quality guitar strings. an added plus...they're made in the usa. 5great starter uke. got this for my wife she just loves it. stays in tune. good sound.the price was right. 5at &lt;$20, this is a great bargain, but it is a very basic bag. it fits my les paul standard snugly and has back straps for easy carrying. these are also easily removed if they bother you. this epiphone gigbag also has a zippered pocket for accessories (holds a strap, patch cord, but not much else) and features nice looking graphics. 4these  picks  r awsome!  i have tremmors  in my  hands  and have a hard thime with pick control.....they have a gell  center,  whitch  tingles,  it feels like muscles are activating in your hand  great theraputic picki seem to do better with controll picks rather then ordinary picks.these  picks have a indentation so u know where put ur thumb and index fingerthey really do what they say....if u have hand problems,  try these.....they really work. 5i cleaned and oiled the fretboard on my straocaster the day after i received the product. the cleaning product worked very nicely but the oil was hard to get out through the applicator. the fretboard turned out nicely though so i decided to give it a 4 instead of a 3. i have to say though that i believe a big bottle of eye glass cleaner to clean the fretboard with and a good furniture polish would work just as well. since you only use a small amount the kit will last a long time so it isn't a bad buy. just remember it isn't recommended for a maple fretboard and could damage it. if you want to use this type of product then i recommend this one. 4i love these patch cables.  they can be serviced if need be, but mine have never needed it.  i've ordered about 3 batches of these guys and i would order them again in the instance that my already excessive pedalboard where to become more complex.  the length of the cable presents limitations that should be expected, and the bulb on the ends may be an issue in tight squeezes.  however there are many cables of much lesser value, which are unserviceable in the event of a breakdown. 5what can you say about a foam ball type mic windscreen?  well it fits the rode m1 mic i was using nice and tight. quality is good, didn't tear apart when you put it on the mic and the recorded sound is just fine. 4what can i say they are srews and they held my pickgaurd in place. they fit in the factory hole without a problem. nothing fancy they just work. 5i have used one of the black box meter style tuners for years and struggled with it. i could never quite get the fine tune i was looking for, and i have a little bit if a pitch issue trying to tune by ear. these little tuners are amazing. so easy to use, and portable, and cheap. i have several now, one for every guitar. cheap is important, because they are made of plastic and i have had one break at the joint after a lot of use. i also received one without a battery, which upset me at the time. i am in afghanistan and weird watch batteries are hard to come by. if you figure they cost about as much as a fancy coffee drink they provide a lot of tuning goodness for a little money. 5in my opinion...this is the best amp in this category. i know people who have the marshall and the fender. i plugged into my little honeytone and i had the best sounding micro amp hands down. they were both amazed with the sound. they said "well mine was only $45 and "mine was only $40." too bad so sad for them. i told them mine was $20. since it doesn't say marshall or fender, i only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. if you are looking for an amp with 1 or 2 watts, and know what to expect from a micro, this amp does not disappoint 5yes, ever so slightly. does it give you more sustain? none that i can really tell. people have been debating whether a steel, brass, or pot metal block makes a difference in tone and sustain. i think the main difference is the actual weight or mass. this is what is giving the deeper sound. the strings go over the bridge pieces and so i don't think material matters for the block much, if at all. i think it is about the actual mass. people who will say it makes a big difference are suffering from the placebo effect. without debate, this will add weight to your guitar. i think for the price, it is worth upgrading the thin old style mexican blocks. this is pot metal as well, which, again, is fine. the rest of the assembly is well made, as well, and seems just like the stock bridge you would find on a stock mim strat. if you are thinking of going gfs blocks, this is cheaper, and will fit perfectly without you having the problems of not having holes line up etc., which is a common complaint and indicative of gfs's crummy products in general. i used the bridge pieces on one guitar and the block on another. 4these strings last a good long time and are rather inexpensive. the tone is clear and bright. i have used d'addario for years 4changed the strings on my epiphone eb-0 bass today for the first time using this product.fit the extra large tuning pegs on my bass with room to spare.  cutter works great, winder makes the job really fast.  10 minutes it took for all 4 strings.  next time will be much faster now that i know what im doing.  highly recommended 5there is no doubt about it, national fingerpicks are pretty much the standard.  the metal fingerpicks are rock solid, sturdy-gauge steel.  the plastic thumbpicks match tone very well.  and, note that unlike what you may read in another review, they are adjustable.  you just need to heat them up in some hot water and bend to fit.  on my resonator, these provide a full, loud sound.  the only reasons that for me these don't rate 5 stars are that (1) the pro-pick f tone fingerpicks i usually use provide much more of a sense of feel, and (2) the national fingerpicks have a tendency to be a little noisier than the pro-picks on the guitar's unwound strings.  even though i like the national metal fingerpicks much better than plastic fingerpicks i've used, and even though they produce more fullness than the pro-picks, for me the sense of feel that i get from the open-finger design of the pro-picks trumps volume.  this is important to keep in mind for players whose only fingerpicking experience is with fingers alone.  players who are already used to metal or plastic fingerpicks should give the national picks strong consideration.  they are solid, sound great, and this packaging of them is excellent!  by the way, the bonus pick is cute (and will go in my logo pick collection), but it's a very thin gauge to be useful to me on anything other than electric guitar. 4this is a great low cost stand that accepts both acoustic and electric guitars. the cradle and neck height are both adjustable enabling a variety of guitar sizes to be used.  while it doesn't fold up small like a portable stand, it serves well as a semi-portable stand and is very good as a stationary stand. 5as another guy said &#34;how could i live without this pedal before?&#34; i agree with that, i got two of these, one for my base guitar, one for my guitar.simply outstanding, simply the best. thank u mxr! 5i was happy it was made in the usa but was missing switch tip and had two cracked knobs. might have happen in shipping but switch tip wasn't done by shipping. 3pros:i bought this pedal primarily in place of a volume pedal, or swell pedal, because it does that function fairly well, and a lot cheaper. aside from that, it also does nearly every other type of delay needed:*the tape/digital/analog switch slightly changes the sound of each delay*the trails feature can be useful for holding a sound (in swell mode with high repeats) when the pedal is &#34;off&#34; and then playing over it with notes or harmony*the time knob acts like an analog knob, pitch shifting when turned after playing a note*the repeats knob can go from a little more than one repeat to self oscillation (sometimes runaway) depending on the delay type*the mix knob can nearly cut out the dry signal*stereo input allows for multiple instruments to play into itwhile the pedal has small problems, it compensates by inexpensive fixescons:the modulation is a kind of adjustable width/depth all in one knob, and isn't the best compared to a chorus pedal. just a general warblethe blue led is very bright, to the point where you can't see the settings on the knobs, so i cover it with a sticker (it still shows through enough haha)*the casing is plastic, but it is thick and durable enough (maybe not for consistent gigging)*being a digital effect, the footswitch is not state dependent, in other words, if you turn off the pedal, unplug it, and plug it back in, the pedal will turn on*because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off*the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift up*there is no noticeable &#34;click&#34; when you change delay type; however, the led flashesother notes:almost half the weight of the pedal is the bottom metal plate. the pedal without it feels shockingly lightweight, but with it has a good amount of heft. 5these balanced patch cables are great.  this is the third set of various music cables i've purchased from this brand and they are all great quality for the price.  love their xlr microphone cables too. 5i use this pair of mics mostly to record a piano in xy configurationpros:-price point-sturdy, good construction-included accessories (carrying case, clips, stereo bar)cons:-have to adjust the gain just right on a mixer preamp to avoid noise 4this is really a no frills stand, except the addition of a neck guard strap, which is a nice touch. it is adjustable for different size guitars and quite stable. there's really not a lot more to say about it, except that, at $7.95, i dont see how you could possibly be disappointed. i would certainly not spend 20 or 30 dollars on a stand when i could buy one of these. 5at2020 sitting on top angled down to pick up my acoustic.  would need a heavier base for use with a boom. 4ukulele straps are a rare thing and i've yet to find the perfect one.  this one gets close.  not all uke players use straps, some do and some don't.  purists say not to use one and that using one makes you look lazy or inexperienced.  however i have two acoustic-electric ukes and they are heavier than the non-electrified ones the purists use.  i've found that using a strap on my electric ukes helps with right arm fatigue from clutching the thing.  a preamp and battery adds a surprising amount of weight percentage wise to a uke when compared to a guitar.  this neotech strap frees me up to worry about my strumming and fingering techniques more and dropping the instrument less.there is another device called a uke leash that also works well.  it ties onto the headstock. i like this neotech better because even though the instrument isn't balanced perfectly, it is balanced better than with the uke leash.  the uke leash is easier to get on and off my body so it has some advantage over the neotech simple sling.this neotech simple sling soundhole clip strap works on my concert and tenor ukes equally well, but i have to adjust it some when switching it between the two.the wide clip is felt lined and it does not scratch the instrument.  i don't know how long this felt lasts but it seems well attached.  this strap should work fine on any number of various stringed instruments.you have to use reasonable care with a soundhole clip strap on a ukulele or you can damage the top by jerking down on the instrument.  the clip on the neotech sling is wider than most i've seen and this extra width reduces, but does not completely eliminate, that risk. the wider clip spreads the stress out.  i've seen other soundhole clip straps with much narrower clips and i'm afraid to try them on a ukulele.  i like this one with the wide clip and will keep it.the uke leash type strap that ties on the headstock still requires full right arm pressure to hold the instrument in place, so i like this neotech soundhole clip device better.the only thing i don't like about it is putting it on is a little clumsy when compared to a traditional guitar strap.  but once on it is great!  you look a little dorky slipping your arm into it and then over your head and you can't do it with a hat on.  it gets easier the more you do it.i'd buy the neotech simple sling again.  i recommend it to electric ukelele players who want to use a strap but don't want to drill holes for strap buttons on their ukes.  just put it on in private because you look dorky putting it on. 4dunlop capos are functional and inexpensive.  come on, capos don't have &#34;tone.&#34;  just get one that doesn't get in your way.  also, the people who work at dunlop seem like nice guys.  thank you, dunlop, for keeping it real up in benicia. 5most guitar shapes and sizes fit on this guitar stand,it is easy to assemble and theres really not much to it but the fact that its a guitar stand,nothing special about it. 5this is a great winder. steel shaft will probably last.one of these should come standard issue with every guitar. 5try to get the version w/the black cabinet for around $300 as that's what most major music stores are charging. in any case, i was really looking more for a twin 12" speaker to pair with an amp head but those can cost as much, if not more, than this combo!the clean side of the amp is exactly that - very very clean. this amp has tons of power to spare. in your house you do not have or want to turn it up beyond 3. can't even imagine what the 8 or 9 might be like. i have my own separate effects stomp box so i can let this amp sound like almost anything. the big plus here is that unlike with real tube amps that need to be cranked up pretty much to get the right sound, here you can have it set on 2 and still get pretty much any amp sound (i am using a zoom ms50g). all in all hard to beat, for practice session as well as small to mid size gigs. only thing i miss a bit is a headphone jack. 5what an amazing product. multi-voltage capability for worldwide use, powering eight pedals, and very cost effective, too. if i bought eight adapters, it would cost me well over $120 usd. even at the price it's sold at, the build quality is pro level. i'd be happy using this on a well-traveled pedalboard. at this price, you could buy two or three of these packs to power huge boards.i usually run six to seven pedals in a typical session. not all at once, but it's nice to know that the delivery is smooth, without any drops or spikes in power level. i can crank 'em all if i want to, and go nuts. 5i own at least 8 of these.  i use them on all of my instruments, including banjo, mandolin, guitar, and ukelele.  for the price, they cannot be beat, and they leave a small footprint too. 5this is a very good pickholder by dunlop and looks much nicer than the regular dunlop 5000 or 5005 - it does what it should and looks more esthetical than the dunlop 5000 or 5005 versions. it does not hold more picks than its predecessors 5000 and 5005. it actually holds a couple of picks less. it holds some 4 or maybe 5 picks while the 5005 holds around 7 (if you use 0.60. gauge picks or lower). i did the test just for the heck of it with several picks. since i use the planet waves chrome dome stainless steel picks (joe satriani), i only need to keep a couple on the holder plus the one i am playing with, so for me it does the job perfectly. i have a nice 2013 paul reed smith custom 24 with a beautiful and very stylish carved maple top, so i needed the pickholder to look better to better match to it. the adhesive works perfect and will not damage your guitar's top if placed as instructed. place it gently, no need to press it too hard. alean the surface very well before placing but do not use carnauba or any polishing material or gel before installing - just regular guitar top cleaner (i use the prs cleaner for example). cheers! 5i had used some boss ce-5 and ch-1 and substituted them with this unit. it's has a cool analog/vintage sound of chours. 5this is my new favorite tuner. not only can you just clip it to the head of your guitar and leave it there permanently, it works like a champ. i don't mean that it works, i mean that it works better than any of my other tuners. it is super tight. it recognizes pitch differences that my ear can't, leaving a better tune than my rp255 or any of the old cheap korg tuners and the like i've got laying around.i plan on buying these for all my guitars. 5this mic stand will work great for mic'ing full stacks and guitar amps.some people have mentioned the counterweight could be heavier but they need to pay attention to how they are orienting the feet in relation to the microphone. you should make sure one of the feet is pointing in the exact same direction as the microphone arm so that way the downward force is applied directly onto the support leg. 5so stiff. nothing short of a five pound weight will cause this extension to buckle. if you sing and use effects pedals for an instrument, and can't rely on a good boom microphone stand being at every venue, get one of these and throw it in with your gear. 5these are the best strings i've ever put on my guitar, i play a really nice morgan monroe creekside and these strings give it the fullness it deserves. the bright highs, the rich mids, and they bend like crazy when i need them too 5i got what i ordered.  however, if i had paid more attention, this is nothing but a standard power supply which i could have gotten much cheaper from a radio shack or like type store without the tascam name on it.update 5-03-2012 after receiving comments and reading other reviews:i've gotten a comment and have read many comments and i don't know where the fault lies, but this power supply is not the power supply for the new replacement tascam dr-07mkii.  the power supply for that unit is the ps-p515uif you are unsure what power supply for which model tascam recorder you have, go to tascam's website and research it before buying it.the tascam psp520 ac adapter/power supply for mpgt1 is for and does work with the older tascam dr-07 recorder.  i have been using this recording as a stand alone unit and taking a line out on a powered pa head using the this power supply and it works just fine and the quality of the recorder is excellent. 5obviously these aren't top of the line strings but i used them to record a track in drop c and it sounded awesome. after about a week they started losing tone and started collecting skin.d'addario is awesome if you keep in mind that they're on the cheaper side. 4it's a fender heavy so there's not much else to say about that.  good price and selection here.  go for it. 5i've used this strap on different guitars and it works great on all of them.  if you're looking for an economical strap this will work great.  my experience has been that ernie ball makes great products. 5this works fine, although the mount is a bit weird to me... but i see that most are the same.  as a pop filter it works perfectly and i was not able to hear any clarity loss or sound coloring.  just pop filtering through black pantyhose !! lol 5i use 2 to stereo mic my egnater, works great, nice sound, to my ears not much different from an sm-57 and is a fraction of the price. it's not an audio professionals mic but good enough for me! too noisy for hand held vocals, put it a mic stand instead. 5the bad monkey overdrive pedal does not produce "crazy train" metal distortion. it isn't made to, and thus if you buy it for that sound you're off target. (if that's the sound you want, i recommend: digitech tl-2 hardwire metal distortion extreme-performance pedal.) what the bad monkey produces is delicious, bluesy overdrive at a highly competitive price (it currently sells for $49.95 here at amazon). unlike so many overdrive/distortion pedals, the bad monkey has independent (and sensitive) dials for treble ("high") and bass ("low"), and using them can greatly affect the resulting sound; they are by no means token dials. in particular, the bass dial can be used to increase bass to an amazing degree (especially when using double-coil pickups); it's easy to achieve a "fat" sound with this pedal. the pedal does not come with, but does accept, an external power supply (i.e., an adapter). it can also be powered with a 9v battery, which is installed under what's literally the pedal portion (just as in boss pedals). the bad monkey is made of metal and can be used as a weapon if so needed. it seems extremely rugged, again like boss pedals. i have several overdrive/distortion pedals, but i find myself turning to this one again and again. my impression of the bad monkey is based on using it with [i] an ibanez guitar with good double-coil pickups, [ii] an ibanez guitar with good single-coil pickups (similar to "soapbar" style, or p-90, pickups), and [iii] a fender mustang ii amp. it works well with both single- and double-coil pickups. if i lost my pedal, i would order another right away. i've been playing for over 30 years and can say with confidence that this is a great pedal. 5solidly built, small tester that can easily be carried around in a gig bag.  there isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the leds are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out. 4barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. i do however question whether the word "pro" should apply to this system. although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. the signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. to its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.after playing with the device for a couple more minutes, i noticed that any movement whether i kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and i moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. yikes!!! perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which i previously described above. i'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. i'll probably be returning this unit asap. 2this device works well, but sound is far from perfect. distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. for the price paid is a very reasonable option. 3haven't used it yet, but it looks nice and came quicker than expected. so far so good! i recommend it. 5these things are terrible. one wouldn't fit in my soundboard, another wouldn't lock in my mic. plain and simple....if your looking for crap that doesn't work....buy this. 1not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it 2this was a bit hard to install; over or under the strings? we tried both. over the strings, it would slide below the nut, which isn't good. under the strings, and it muffled a few. so we kind of wove it, above some and under others. other than that, it works fine, holds the strap with no problems. and it puts the name &#34;martin&#34; on the lowliest box guitar ;). in hindsight, i'd have probably just got a strap button and mounted it to the base of the neck. but if you don't want to do that, and hate the &#34;lace&#34; approach, this will do the trick. it may even fit better on different guitars, ours is a 50 year-old norma (that actually sound amazing considering its origins; guess old wood just sounds better). and the price is very right to be able to claim you own &#34;a&#34; martin, lol. 4only  thing is you need to loosen some strings to get it into place, but  worked great for what i wanted to screw around with it, 5this product is great. you can have a lot of pedals including big ones and volume/wah pedals. read the description so you can have a sense of size. tue quality is very nice, solid and resistible. the soft case is very nice also. 5these are descent quality cables. great price, i own many of these. just a good, basic, cable. love the price, and they shipped quickly. 5i use this for my rockband microphones but be careful , if you have cats the hair will get stuck in it. other than that it really works well in taking away some of the echo from loud speakers while playing rockband. 5well, the epiphone les paul came in earlier this morning!am i impressed? u bet cha!this thing is simply beautiful! it arrived well padded in a double box. initially, i spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if i could spot any flaws. none! not a finger print on it anywhere! this guitar is extremely well made and put together right. it was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. the neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. i put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the &#34;money&#34;!it's considerably heaver than than i thought.  i would imagine it weighs about 10-14lbs. i have a strap ordered and on the way.the maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. all the metal hardware appears top quality as are the duncan pickups. this epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing i ever had.  your hand floats over the frets!i don't think you could get a better piece for the price point. 5this thing is dead on the money when it comes to tuning.  it has many features i have yet to utilize, but good to know they are there if needed. 5this arrived a week sooner then expected!  i am very happy with this bag, my fender lh san miguel acoustic guitar fits perfectly!  it is nicely padded and has lots of pockets for anything you might need to carry. 5it's odd to review such a simple thing as screws :-)what can i say? they're shiny and screwed well into the holes. 5there's not much to say about this product, except that it works. it makes my strings last longer. sometimes i get lazy owning so many guitars, and 20 minutes per &#34;well done&#34; restring adds up. this is a great way to put that off and keep jamming for as long as possible. it's small and conveniently stored too. i recommend trying it out! 5i recently picked up a used casio privia px-320 and it had a cheesy, little square sustain pedal that slipped around and had a terrible feel. i heard that casios were finicky about third party pedals, but purchased this anyway.  it worked (i needed to set the polarity switch on this pedal to open).it also worked perfectly on my roland rd-300nx, but i expected that. what i love about this pedal is it has a fantastic feel that rivals a real piano, and is the equal to the feel of my expensiveroland rpu-3.one main reason why i gave this five stars in addition to the compatibility is it's built to last. it's heavy, all metal exterior except for the bottom pad, and has a six foot cable that allows you to place it practically anywhere. plus the price is right. in fact, the entire package is impressive when i compared it to other models that i considered. and it's light years ahead of the oem pedals that casio ships with their privia keyboards. 5i'm now have my music together, great for small space &#34;does it works&#34; limit to one mic, but enogh for me. 5on the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing.  they are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.they don't sound horrible.  i mean, they are not computer speakers or anything.  the sound is very forward, i would say harsh.  that's not uncommon among studio monitors.  there is definitely a lot of clarity here.  not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size.  there's a few schools of thought on studio monitors.  some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker.  these will be more pleasing to people interested in the first.  i definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this.  any flaws would be quite noticeable.i previously used krk rp8's so i can compare these to them.  granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors.  i liked them better than these.  they were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.i was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if i could improve the situation...but one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on.  the buzz increases in volume over time.  i tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power).  nothing stopped the buzz.  if they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds.  so i sent them back.  i wasn't really impressed with the sound and i'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so i'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead.  maybe behringer 3031a's or something.  i think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor. 2it is not expensive, but the item is sort of cheap.  i could have used a baggy to hold my picks. 3i've needed one of these for my fender amp, yes i used to spend time dialing in the delay pedal for the rockabilly/blues numbers and if my settings got messed up, well, that would slow the show down. i wish my fender amp had this built into the amp but it didn't. this pedal makes playing rockabilly on my fender simple fast and easy. really quick to setup and use. it's not a delay unit, it's not versatile either, but what it does, it does perfect! 5this has the largest top of any of my stands, and it is the one i use when traveling / gigs. the top doesn't fold like some of the more expensive stagg  hercules stands, so if you're using it for gigging, that may be something to consider. i have to lug an 88key weighted piano around, so don't mind lugging this. 4it does what is supposed to, i'ts a gate, and clamps the noise as good as i expected, at the begining i had problems with power, some how it didn't power correctly, but i was unsing one spot adapter and a daisy chain, so i solved it isolating the mxr connecting it with another power supply, and it work, so i left my daisy chain with the rest of my pedals and it worked just fine, also check config and the routing of the signal, this might influence on how it works, i have it right after my wha and before my compressor, and it works just fine. 4everything you need to keep your guitar clean and polished and sexy! no matter if you are a horrible player like me you will get all the chicks because your guitar looks sexy! the girls will love you and the boys too! 5this amp is awesome! its great just like it's advertised. i play more of the modern metal side but i managed to make quite a few sick distortions using the fender fuse software. fender fuse is very simple to use and once you get the hang of it you can get more detailed & advanced with your settings to get the tone you desire. the amp itself has 24 presets (as advertised) & are shown in 3 different colors (red, green, & orange)  and you can totally customize the presets. so if you want 24 different distortions go for it! another thing it comes with ableton live but its just a demo version of the program so u can look at the tutorials & learn how to use it & record some music but you can't save them (bummer i know) but! it gives you some kinda pass that allows you to save a few recordings. one last thing you can purchase a one button foot pedal (about $20)the fender mustang 1&2 can only use the 1 button foot pedal the foot pedals that uses 2 buttons or up can only be use by fender mustangs 3 & up remember this! 5i use this mostly with my honeytone mini amplifier and reel echo tape echo simulator. works very well with no problems. a lot of danoelectro pedals may eat up batteries and this is a great alternative when you have access to ac voltage outlets. 5i just got this yesterday so i don't know how long it will prolong the string's life but i have noticed a difference already. it's a lot easier to play since the strings feel a lot smoother which makes this worth buying for that alone. also, it's cheap so i would give it a shot if i were you. i'm really happy that i "discovered" this product, in fact, i'm already ordering 2 more. 5i purchased several of thes fender mini stands because i don't have a lot of sapce for my guitars and i fold these up and stick them in my closet when need  i don't need them.for approx. ten bucks you can't go wrong. they work as well as bulkier more expensive stands 5well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  guess that's why it's so cheap. 1this is a great capo from shubb. the finish matches most guitar hardware as it is nickel. i like how it works. it adjusts to fit different guitar necks, and just sort of snaps in place. it doesn't require great force or a lot of hand strength to use this capo. the rubber parts are replaceable and with a name like shubb you know you're getting a good product. i recommend this capo to anyone. 5gets the job done. i would say it muffles too much though.  my arm feels like it went to the gym after a jam session 4this guitar cable is very nice.  it looks high quality and has the white ends.  fantastic deal for this cable. 5i don't have a lot of experience with effects stomp boxes, but enough to know when i have a winner. behringer's tm300 is made from tough plastic. the 3 other beheringers i have had about a year don't look warn and scarred, and sound as good as the day i got them. the tube mode pedal has an incredible flavor of tones. fender clean, bright, british crunch and distortion, a hot  gain and sweet smooth california sound.  i am playing out of a peavey, but i hear a tweed. amazing clarity, and worth the $28 and change. you won't be disappointed. 5i always wanted a boomerang iii looper, which at almost $500 was not really a justifiable expense for me.  then, i found this for about $100, and i immediately sprung for it.  this is a great practice tool.  all it does is make loops.  the learning curve is very low, and there's no limit to the number of loops you can layer other than the total 5-minute recording time.  there are no quirky timing issues to be found here; your own ability to keep time and rhythm will always dictate how good you are at making loops.  this does take some getting used to, but it makes you a much better musician in the process; your drummer and bassist will thank you.this could possibly even be used as a live performance tool, although you'd have to be very, very proficient with this tool and be playing very, very tightly in the pocket.  i personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest i subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick).students would be especially encouraged to get one of these.  my playing has definitely grown and improved since i finally broke down and bought a looper. 5when placing my guitar in a stand on the floor i always worry that someone (person or dog) will knock it over.  this hanger works great for hanging my guitar out of the way, safe and secure.  yes, i could put it in the case, but when i'm playing on and off all day long that becomes cumbersome, so this hanger is convenient and secure for my beloved guitar. 5i ordered this strap to use with both my concert & tenor ukes.  it just works.i already owned a ukulele leash-type thing that required me to poke my arm through a loop at one end and then put a hook in the uke's sound hole or tie it off to the head. the problem, of course is that if you just let go of the uke it still falls away from your body (sometimes disastrously).  with a strap like this one, you can completely let go of your uke & it stays perfectly in place. chord changes & strumming become easier when you don't have to concentrate so much on clamping the thing to your body or supporting the neck.this is a nice size strap, not to wide not to narrow.  the length is easily adjusted to work with a variety of uke (and uke player) sizes. it does require at least one button on the bottom of the uke. the other end of the strap can be tied to the head with the included string if you like to do it that way. in my case i installed two buttons - more convenient and the strap doesn't interfere with my chord-hand. here are the buttons i used:strap buttonsif the thought of installing buttons makes you hesitant, put your fears aside. it can be done quickly & easily and the end result is well worth it. here's an entertaining how-to video that will walk you through it: (...) 5this little jewel is so small it can hide in your hand, but it delivers decent tone at a decent volume to your headphones for practicing indoors or outdoors over traffic sounds even. its 1/4" ts plug goes directly into your bass's instrument cable jack, and it has one 1/8" trs output jack for your headphone plug. but it also has a second 1/8" trs input jack which allows you to connect your computer or mp3 player or cell phone so you can hear yourself playing over play-alongs or any such music source, both directly into your headphones.its on-off switch has a third position for overdrive distortion, which i never use. it has both gain and volume output controls and both work. it also has a tone control but i cannot discern that it does anything. could be that i just have a defective sample, but i don't care because the tone is fine just as it is.others have described this little headphone amp as seeming somewhat fragile, and i don't argue with that--it does feel a bit thinly made and the 2xaaa battery door does seem weak. but i just take a little extra care not to drop it or bang it around in a gig bag. if the battery door eventually falls off, i'll use duct tape, and when this little thing completely wears out, i'll buy another. it's just too handy and easy to travel with not to own--and, as i said, it does the job.edit 2013-04-07: still working fine. 5everything from the string cleaner to the polish works very well.you have to be very careful with the fretboard cleaner because it will dry out the fretboard but the conditioner is included and can be applied after.the string cleaner does not really leave much residue and really does help with string noise.you wont be let down.dunlop makes good quality products. 5what can i say that has not been said before about this excellent cymbal?.... great choice to add some trashy color to my cymbal set up (all wuhans because they are cheap and blow away most of the big boy companies). one thing that surprised me was how big the sound was and how nice it cut right thru my other cymbals. you cannot beat this price or quality of this cymbal. placed it on top of my 18' crash and it looks great!!! 5this product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the akai pro website.  technical support is also almost zero.  akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products.  customer service is basically "if you have to ask, you should not buy this".  i asked the akai technical department which sequencer software i needed and they told me to go to a music store!  this may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of midi knowledge and experience don't buy this product.  try finding a midi tutorial that is usable.  good luck with that chore.added 08nov2010: the keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing.  i sent an email to akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts.  i find that unbelievable. 1we've been using remo heads for years on our kits for our band that plays everything from classic rock to speed metal.great quality, very durable.you can buy remo heads with your eyes closed. 5worked perfectly to use my samson mic with a stand i purchased. definitely would purchase again, solid quality build. good purchase! 5these are very sturdy cables and really work well on my pedalboard. i expect them to last for a long time 5it's a stand, it does what it's supposed too?  that being said, i try not to use stands as they are extremely unreliable.  i use these to put my instrument down for a short time only.  these are by far some of the better made ones i've found without a contraption to &#34;lock in&#34; my instrument and give a false sense of security.  these are made no where near how they used to be 20 years ago, in a negative way, but the foam/ medical piping has gotten better as the old stuff used to scuff and deteriorate really quickly.  i'd prefer a better stand, however, i question it's existence. 3i bought my new guitar and wanted to keep it in great shape.  i guess this kit works okay, but it's hard to use.  it will probably last my entire lifetime.  i think a smaller kit would have been better.  you really need to remove the strings when you use it, so you have to take off all the strings.  i usually only replace one string at a time when i am changing strings, so i had to change my habits.  if you have a guitar without a truss rod, that may mean you will take a lot more time tuning after you're done changing the strings, since the neck will bend more as you tighten the strings one at a time, and that will change the pitch of the strings you have already tuned.  i'm no expert, but i have a gut feeling that this was not money well spent.  however, since i love my guitar, i use it anyway. 3i got this for $150 dollars when it was on sale. i don't like 8 inch speakers for gigging, but it has unbelievably good sound when going from the line out into a pa. the 8 inch speaker is okay for practice, and it has a jack for an external cabinet. be careful with the load you put on your amp though. 5i don't play professionally so there is no need to buy expensive pedal tuners such as hardwire ht-6, polytune or korg pitchblack.  i researched for other alternatives and decided on a "clip on" tuner.  i narrowed it down to 3 - korg aw2, snark sn-1 & intelli imt-900.  all 3 have a lot of positive reviews and all of them are under $20.  i visited each manufacturers' website for more information and found out about the snark sn-8.  snark claims that it's their best tuner yet.  if their sn-1 can go toe to toe with the others, then i would assume that their best will do even better.  i took the plunge and ordered one.  i have only 2 requirements for a tuner:1.  it should be accurate.2.  it should be fast.the snark sn-8 delivered on both counts and more!  it came with other extras like "tap tempo metronome", "super tight tuning", "pitch calibration", "transpose features" etc.  i may not have any use for all of them right now but it's nice to have them at your fingertips.  you can use it for other instruments as well but i only use it for my guitars.  the sn-8 is small & unobtrusive.  the display is bright and easily readable and can turn any which way you like.  after tuning, i turn it off and put it back in the guitar case.  i don't like it hanging in my guitar!  of course, it doesn't stay long because it tunes fast!  for under $20, these little tuner is all you need.....fast and accurate.  try it, you won't be disappointed. 5i love this uke! it came fast. such a solid built uke feels like a les paul nice and sturdy!sounds amazing, intonation is perfect and never slips out of tune. it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it! 5exactly what i needed to connect 2 distortion paddles to my amp...do yourself a favor, always order threw amazon dealers! i placed an order threw onlinecarstereo.com and had to report a scam operation to my credit card co....their customer reviews were terrible, yet i made the mistake of placing n order...right before my eyes they changed their bad reviews to add good ones.... 5the cm-2 is magnificent: [1] it produces beautiful overdrive (one that doesn't destroy your guitar's tone). [2] it has independent "high" and "low" tone controls, and these controls are extremely sensitive to even minor changes--thus allowing for great versatility in tone-manipulation. [3] it features a switch that allows you to pick between "classic" overdrive and an extra blast of distortion ("modified"). [4] the case is made of metal. [5] it comes with a cover for the knobs so that you can avoid altering your settings when depressing the pedal. this pedal will not give you "metal" distortion; for that consider digitech's tl-2. instead, it produces a warm, old-time overdriven tone. i love this thing! 5i bought this guitar in 2005.  it sounds and looks wonderful and manages to stay that way.  i think this is a good guitar and when you think that something that might sound better would cost three to four times as much it is a great guitar for the value.this model has the cedar top.  i love that sound vs the more typical spruce top on flattop guitars.  it is a bit more mellow and has a hint of a classical guitar tone because of that.  if you prefer the bright concert sound of a martin then you'll not want this cedar top.yes this guitar has an oiled finish.  this allows the soundboard to really sing unimpeded.  it also allows you to knock the heck out of it.  funny thing is that after five years there isn't much damage just a little arm wear.  i think you'll like this guitar enough to not knock it around.the neck feels silky smooth.  the frets are well placed and don't stab you by hanging over the neck a little which is what you'll get in other guitars in this price range.  paying to get the frets filed down is an additional expense on those competitors so beware when comparing.this doesn't come with a case so i bought a hard shell by the brand name "canadian".  great case.when i bought it it really didn't need an adjustment but i took it to a local shop to make it perfect for me.  i've also taken it in every other year for setting the action - checking and tweaking the neck - and getting the frets polished.  i also use a humidifier in its case during the winter months in chicago.  performing these tasks will prolong the life of your seagull and your enjoyment of it.--------------------update: 10/13/2012 update of my 2010 review.  this guitar sounds even better.  i went to a handful of guitar stores looking for another acoustic "just for fun" and i had a few bucks burning a hole in my pocket.  to my surprise all the guitars three times its price sounded vastly inferior.  you see i learned that as you play a good wood guitar that over time it will "open up" and keep sounding better.  yet another reason to keep it humidified and taken care of.  it will increase in value (to you at least). 5it's great to have a few extra mic clips on hand and for the price, these are great.  they hold sm58/57 perfectly.  not cheap or poorly made at all, a great value. 5i just received the case today, the soonest delivery day on the estimation range (a plus there!).  now having spent a long time pricing hard cases from all around internet, this price is extremely reasonable and a wonderful case.  nothing fancy and differs slightly from the pictured item in that the outside rim-threading and basic locks (keys included) are gold toned (instead of silver toned pictured), but that doesn't mean diddly-squat to me.  plush interior with a small, yet roomy, compartment located under the neck.  i am primarily a 5-string banjo player, but decided to casually play around with the mandolin, and so i figured i had better get a hard case for possible "long-time" storage (my first banjo lived in a padded gig bag for a few years before i started getting serious with it... and boy, not the best thing for it in small enclosed storage spaces).  this case will definitely do the trick.  excellent value!- additional note, there is a bit of extra play around the peg-head (i have an rover mandolin)... i can see if someone traveled with this case and dropped it hard it enough, some peg snapping may occur.  but again, for simple storage/protection, its a non-issue. 5these picks work well and look as pictured. the shade of pink is very close to that in the picture. i would recommend them. 5these picks seem well made and have a solid feel, but i'm not sure i like the sound of them.  like so many other guitarists, i go through a lot of picks, searching for what feels and sounds the best for what i do.  i don't this is it for me--at least not on acoustic.  whatever i didn't like about them got drowned out when i tried electric.  since i've been playing more acoustic lately, i might or might not buy these again. 4i don't travel often with my guitars, but needed good protection for those times when i do. this product meets all my expectations. my les paul and fat strat, both fit well in the case. it provides good support and cushioning, with a roomy accessories compartment. the corners of the case are well reinforced. the hardware is mid-grade. i believe it will hold up well for my use, and for someone playing weekend gigs. overall it is a bargain for the price. 5my son says these picks are great to use because of the rubber grippers that make it easier to hold...especially when playing the guitar for an extended period of time. highly recommend! 5for the price, it's worth it i guess. if you just want to try it, go for it, that's what i got it for. it sounds nice and adds a cool tone to my setup, but after playing on a few more expensive chorus pedals i would suggest saving up if you really need a chorus pedal. but for the price it's not too bad.oh, and the casing isn't like a wimpy plastic knife plastic. it's pretty durable. albeit don't throw this on concrete and expect great results but it could stand a few stomps. 4i use this with my audio technica condensor. works great for home recordings hooked up to garageband on macbook pro for rough recordings. its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. it's not bulky which is a nice. 5i have been using these strings for the last 7 years.  the tone last longer than any other string and they don't break on me.  in those 7 years i haven't broke a single string.  that being said i don't play heavy at all.  i will buy these strings until the day i die. especially the acoustic version of these... 5whether you're a beginner, or have been playing for a long time, you can never go wrong with ernie ball strings. 5i've been playing over 30 years and got one of these for my 7-year-old because he wants to play guitar like daddy does.  for $100 it's an ok starter guitar for a kid (and i guess really short people who can't play a regular fender), but not something i'd recommend to anyone else.  and my kid thinks it looks cool, so he'll be more likely to stick with it.even though it has a laminated body, the headstock and unfinished neck are decent wood.  the frets are crowned ok but have some sharp ends to them, and i feel silly investing the cash to have them fixed.  it's light and easy to handle.  the hardware isn't bad, with a stable bridge (good idea not to put a floating trem in this), 5-way blade switch, solid jack and strap anchors, and smooth knobs.  the pickups are not top notch but work well enough (a decent replacement set would cost more than the whole guitar does, so i'm not complaining).  it has a nice red paint job.on the down side, besides some sharp fret ends, it required a few truss rod and bridge adjustments to bring the action close to where it should be.  the fretboard uses cheap rosewood and in one spot has some extra glue showing around a fret.  the nut on the one i got is sunk lower on the treble side than on the bass side, so the low e string is farther from the fretboard than the other strings.  it has one small pit in the red finish.  it has no paperwork or owner's manual.  the tuners are kind of choppy.  and the body/neck flexes so if you put too much pressure on it the whole thing will go out of tune.it comes strung with fender 9's, which combined with the short scale makes the strings loose and easy to press down, so it's good for a kid just starting out.  i actually enjoy messing around with it because the pickups have a punkish scratchy sound.  but as soon as he gets bigger we'll ditch this for something better. 3i bought these because i wanted durable, flexible picks for easy strumming. i would recomend these to anyone that needs more stable strumming. 5dunlop always makes top-notch products, so when it came time to find a slide, i knew where to look. this one produces a great tone, and is well-made. like the other reviewers mention here, you might want to invest in a slide case to prevent this thing from getting smashed to bits. for general home use though, i wouldn't worry about it too much though. 4i love these picks and the .88mm seems to be the perfect balance of stiffness and suppleness for my playing. 4i wanted p-90 pickups. they do make noise kind of like an old album. once you start playing you don't notice it though. other than that the guitar stays tuned and is a blast for a beginner like me to bang around on. it looks really good! 5i have a taylor ga4e.  the elixir strings that came with it had nice bass, but were very bright.  i tried some martins, ej16's which i love on my seagull s6.  however, those strings just didn't have enough bass and too much highs.  i bought these recently and i love them.  they are much better then the original strings.  very rich bass that really comes out.  the highs are well balanced and still shine through without being too bright.  my one complaint is that the mids sound a bit muddy to me.  anyway, the best sounding strings with the setup i have.  now off to buy some different bridge materials.edit: 9-22-12i also put these on my seagull mini jumbo and wow! every time i come back to it after several weeks, i forget that i put the 600ls on it.  then i pick it up and wonder why it sounds so balanced and nice supporting bass and realize they are john pearse strings.  worth every penny. 5small amazing good quality interface. this is not the presonus board but the controls are easy set up is quick and it is so portable. i especially like the dual inputs on front. back light on knobs shows clipping on volume (green and red) and connected (green).usb powered and plug and play. my ableton suite detected and connected in seconds. 5this is a pretty strong cable. i wanted something i can plug into my top loaded amp and the jack would stand out in case i'm sitting on the amp. the angle does the job. seams strong , seams like it will last. 4good  cable works for me, using it in a rhythmtrak foot switch. just the right length. may order more as extra's. 4say it all, but the replacement is milled finer and has better threads than the original piece.  a great upgrade when adding new parts to the inexpensive but fantastic squire. 5if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. this one works well, gets rid of a lot of the little sounds and all the pops. only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place, but its usually fine 4i've always used jazz picks for my electric guitar work.  danny gatton did so, and i wouldn't have it any other way.  these are the absolute best picks i've ever used.  they don't wear down as easily as delrin, tortex, or some other materials.  and, these have a really, really nice textured surface that keeps them from slipping out of your fingers.  i think i'm going to order these in massive bulk quantities and stash them away in case they ever decide to stop manufacturing these... 5i replaced a set of strings that were very used with these martins.  they are, as named, very light.  they are easy on my fingers and give great tone.  quality company, great strings, great price! 5as a musician i'm in search of many perfect things including the perfect tuner.  i got the package of two.  unfortunately, the first one died a quick and sudden death.  a new battery didn't resurrect it.  i couldn't find the other one, because they're small and black.  i finally did find it, and have used it several weeks on my guild acoustic, and it works nicely so far. in fact, it works really nice.  if you are concerned about stage appearance, this is virtually invisible to anyone watching or videotaping the gig, a plus because it's pretty small but big enough to read.  at the cheap price, it wasn't worth my time to try returning the first one.  i just decided to eat the loss.  i'm crossing my  fingers hoping this one will last.  if you are playing a really nice, (collectible) guitar, be cautious because these tuners, (and capos too,) can damage the finish permanently. i use a tuner on my gibson johnny smith while i play but always take it off when i'm done playing. 3these are solid stands for holding your guitars. i use them with my six string acoustic and my six string electric guitars and they work great. they are an excellent value.the reason they are so important to have is that, by having your guitars out and available to play, you will get more practice. they help me pick up my guitars much more often. instead of dragging out the case and getting a single 20 minute session, i might get 4 or 5 10 minute sessions a night -- more on the weekends.stands of this quality were about three times the cost at my local music store. i highly recommend these for around the house use. 5i have had them on my loar guitar for a few weeks and they seem to work fine.  we will see how long they last.  i have used elixir for electric and while they do last longer i wish it was a bit longer. 4this stand surprised my. it is lightweight but is still sturdy. i wouldn't venture to use it on the road all the time. but as a backup stand i wouldn't hesitate. i like it much better than my musicians gear stand though if this had a double extendable boon it would be perfect. 5i honestly really didn't find this thing useful at all. first, the wire clipper side is relatively bulky (no flush cutting) and doesn't open easily (very stiff action), so trying to get the clipper onto the wire with the very small opening and at the same time peering over the tool itself as it blocks the view - ick. and as for the winder... i suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding, it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner. but it is a tad big for tuner pegs on anything i used it on, so no nice &#34;tight&#34; fit, more of a &#34;jiggle&#34; fit. plus the clearance needed to actually swing the thing around means having the instrument laying flat on a table doesn't help. didn't even know there was a bridge pin puller on this thing. just looked at it... guess that notch in the peg winder is it.each time i have set out to use it, i end up turning my pegs manually and grimacing over the stiff action of the wire cutters while to align it on the string. i just recently ended up buying a set of crescent brand miniature cutters & needle-nose pliers set(the pliers are just the thing for pulling the strings and keeping tension while winding). when i have to redo my mothers acoustic guitar, i'll try the notch bridge peg puller. but other wise, this thing gets a serious two-star &#34;meh&#34;. 2i was honestly skeptical before actually trying it. the specs seemed as if it would support my very heavy, very expensive hand-made 1x12 cabinet and matching head. it seemed the only design that would allow me to tilt back the pair and it absolutely delivered. the upright support in the back extends quite a bit and the protective foam is moveable and can be positioned at just the right location. i am truly impressed and after using this weekend after weekend with a gigging band can soundly recommend this product. 5easy to use does a great job and comes off when you want it to, and does not scratch or harm guitar in any way. great price as well. i got two of them. 5it's nothing special.  no frills, just a simple concept that works.  it's important to maintain humidity in your instrument, especially in a dry climate like west texas.  the evaporation rate will depend on the amount of humidity in the air where you store your instrument.so, when you first start using it, you have to be diligent to check the sponge regularly to ensure that it is still moist. 3it is a fun little practice amp, and i agree with the praise it gets. the positives have been covered so i'll point out a few (minor) things i don't like.first of all the power button is on the back, which is annoying. the rest of the controls are on top, why do i have to grope around the back to find the most important button. plus i keep it in a cabinet so i have to pull it out to turn it on and off.next! i wish they'd just name the settings &#34;clean&#34;, &#34;overdrive&#34;, &#34;distortion&#34;, and so on. jc clean, black panel, brit combo and r-fier mean nothing to me.then there's another minor annoyance that the input is recessed. a 90 degree angle plug won't fit unless you run it around the back.lastly, the amp is solid and rugged but that means it's heavy. not heavy like i can't pick it up, just heavy for something called a micro amp.none of these are deal breakers, just things i find annoying. overall i have to say i prefer my vox mini 3. 4very versatile tuner. it automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away! it also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them. there are other things you can do on this tuner and for the price it is a great buy! 5i love these tuners.  i have tried the intel, krog, boss, etc... and out of all of them, i like the snark the best.  response and visual display are awesome.  unlike a couple of the others i've used, the snark works well on any place on the headstock.  a couple of the other brands i had to be careful where i positioned them because they didn't respond well.  you can't go wrong with any snark. 5got this cable to run a rockband keyboard controller to my m-audio profire 2626 to control midi in pro tools. works great! firm fit, solidly molded ends, reputable branded cable.(a bit on the thin side, but i haven't seen to have any issue due to this or anything. couldn't go wrong for $5 at the time of my purchase and prime eligibility. 5purchased these strings after having tried blue steel strings on my son's acoustic guitar.  he prefers the elixir strings over the blue steel strings. he says they last a lot longer and sound better, too. 5pros:-price point--can't really go wrong-clean signal (no self-noise)-works for a tunercons:-for recording or amplification purposes, this thing picks up a lot of attack noise--fingers dropping on the strings, bow clicks, etc.-additionally, the clamp does not always solidly grasp the instrument, and shakes around a bit. god help you if you touch the pickup while playing amplified. 3absolutely obligatory for any fan of rock n roll jamming with tastes of jazz influenced rock--1970's influences.  i would probably buy the phase 100 today though, as it has 4 different positions to choose from, i assume including the original set-up as one of them.well, i need to correct this.  this review was for the old models.  the new models have far too high midrange and the components are no longer easily modified.  i thought i was replacing an old model with the new one, but alas the new is not worthy of a place in my effects chain!i will probably get an eh small stone now, though that pedal looks like it may have been changed lately too.  sadly it appears boutiques are being bought by non-musical business men who care only about the bottom line and not enough, if at all about the sound/quality of their products.  the capitalists have become too greedy, and the socialists think they are worthy to tell everyone else how to live.  god help us! 3is this guraunteed for life or something?  it should be for the price.  it is very basic, tube construction with very little for wire and cable guidance and clean up.  i would not buy another one at the prices they charge, but then, i am handy enough to make my own if i wanted to.  the carry bag is very nice, the extra pocket for cables and things holds a lot of stuff.  they show a lot more pedals than i could fit on it, they must be smaller pedals than the ones i can find and the perhaps have those magical patch cables that take no space in between.  if you look at the picture there appears to room for 6 pedals but 5 is all you will get.  i have a boss rx-20 double pedal looper, and 2 other boss pedal on board and that is all than can fit with patch cables. 3i bought this strap for my luna 12 string.  the strap is very comfortable and durable which is exactly what i needed. 5to me, this is a pick to pick notes and leads. it does not seem like a chord strumming pick as much. i use light  or medium regular size picks for strumming. i really like the fit/feel of this plucking pick. smaller, but stays in your fingers and glides fast over the strings. you might balk at the price but i do not regret it in the least. some nice picking with this pick. i don't play a lot so i figured 6 ought to last me quite a while. i have an old thick stone pick with is an interesting experience, too. but the dunlop is better to me. 5yes, this pedal is plastic, the switch is not the most durable feeling, and the knob placement is annoying.  at less than $15, you need to be able to look past these things.  i've had a higher failure rate with the dunlop cry baby and that thing is built like a cinder block.  this pedal actually sounds pretty good when used as intended. which is to say, this pedal does a nice job in overdriving the preamp tubes in your valve amplifier.  no brutalz here unless you already have a good amount of gain going.  no overdrive pedal lives up to it's potential running into a solid state (even modeling) amplifier.  it's just not what they are really intended to do and they end up sounding buzzy. some have complained about rf interference with the use of the fab pedals (getting radio signals through your amp).  i have had that happen with pedals costing 5x the price of the fab- particularly when running a long pedal chain.  based on tone alone, this pedal can overdrive your tube preamp as well as most anything out there under $100.  check out the youtube review of this pedal by a guy that goes by 'intheblues'.  i believe he uses a drri with a strat, and this pedal sounds great.  if you did a blind test between this pedal and an overdrive costing north of $100 you may be surprised- particularly if your other gear (amp and guitar) are halfway decent.  what i did note though, was that this pedal has a wee bit more gain and a little less treble than my other ts type pedals.  that doesn't make it worse or better- just different.  the 'mid-hump' is actually less pronounced than in a tubescreamer, which is a good thing imho.  there are already enough tubescreamer clones on the market!  it will not perform miracles on lousy sounding guitars and amplifiers.  incidentally, the pedal plays well with other dirt boxes.  since it isn't true bypass, you will likely get some tone suck if you run a bunch of these in your chain, but if the rest of your pedals have decent bypass you will be fine.  lest you mistake me for a novice fanboy with no point of reference for my review- i've been playing guitar since 1979 and have used 'vintage' dirt boxes since before they were vintage and overpriced.  i am years past caring about the brand and all about getting good sounds from simple gear.  ymmv- 4this is a very nice cable for the price. i already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. haven't noticed any hum or crackles. for sure a good buy. 4i like this bag, though it is slightly different from the bag that is pictured.  it's a bit too big for my tenor uke, it's most probably made for a baritone uke.all in all a good value for the money! 5i order 2 of these for my electric guitars.  they are cheap enough and have a pretty good adjustment range.  the end tabs are either leather or some kind of stiff "pleather" knock off. they were very difficult to get on my guitar pegs (not a bad thing as my old strap popped off with the slightest pressure).  these are not coming off anytime soon.  they are wide enough but do not have any kind of shoulder pad (i play sitting down so no big deal to me- but if you play standing up these won't be the most comfortable straps) all in all they are a decent strap for the price. 4the action was a little high for my taste.  the strings are not good and need to be replaced as soon as possible. why do they sell an instrument with crap strings? that is a total mystery to me because it really detracts from the initial impression of the instrument.  otherwise it's well built and works.  really it's a three and a half star imo, it's not as nice sounding or as playable as my mahalo hardbody which was about the same cost and came set up with perfect action and with aquila strings. 3i have purchased a few guitar hooks in the past for my studio. however, i wanted to add a few to our rehearsal space but didn't want to spend a lot. these did the trick fine. they are perfect to rest your axe for a bit without a guitar stand getting in your way. especially for the price. okay, they are not high end, but i didn't need high end ones. 4works well for my needs. it adjusts and holds whatever microphone i use in position very well. a good buy. i would recommend it for light to moderate use. 5in a world of round wound strings, flat wounds (the original bass starings) aren't as popular. these are nice and bright ... love 'em! 5i already liked the jazz 3 picks by dunlop, these made from the ultex material sound so much better, and the surface of the pick is nice,even with sweaty fingers,they stay put. i do pick scrapes alot and there is no sign of wear on the edges of the pick. sweet !!!!! these are clear yellow picks i would love to see them in red, that would be brutal!!!! 5exactly what i needed for testing guitars and playing at home.  same as what comes with epiphone bundles but with fender on it 5adjustments are easy to make and the fit/feel is fine. no fancy designs, but a great value for the price. 5easy to take apart, to put together, to store, and pretty stable when in use. not the cheapest but worth the money. 5it is very well made, is easy to use, and holds down the strings just fine.  it is well protected as to not scratch or nick your guitar. 5this is a well made table top stand. the weight of the stand holds the mic and wire in place with ease. i would get this stand again. 5the music stand is quite sturdy and well made in my humble opinion. i needed a music stand that could support a note book of music i have assembled over the years. this was great. i added a clip on led light as well. perfect :-) 5simple. effective.  just what i wanted.  seems a tad flimsy, but, time will tell.  tuning couldn't be easier.  neat product. 5its solid. has great quality. & doesn't short out on you. i had it for a few months now & not a tear anywhere in site planet waves printed on the cord "guaranteed for life" i think they mean it xd 5the joyo pedal looks kool and has some kool features but those are the main pros. ive never been a big fuzz kind of player but i figured its only $40 so why not? the first thing i learned about this pedal is it does what it's suppose to do but with some drawbacks. there is veryyy loud feedback through the pedal. if you go this pedal and didnt have a noise suppresser you'd be up the creek. although it is a fuzz pedal is it does "fuzz" things then that's why i give it 4 stars. i deduct 1 star because the loud feedback. but in the long run i would just check other pedal out and look for a better alternative. 4i've owned a half-dozen led music stand lights over the years. this one puts them all in the shade (pun intended; sorry).the 9-led bar spreads the light well in a wide fan pattern. the light is concentrated in the desired area and doesn't spread everywhere like it does with incandescent lights. the little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. the light is two-level: normal and bright! normal is plenty good enough for shows in a darkened theater. the fact that the light is white rather than the yellow typical of stand-light bulbs is a definite plus. if you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. the light spread is so smooth and consistent that i don't have to waste time maneuvering the heads to find the optimum light pattern like is necessary with two-head stand lights.the gooseneck is reasonably stiff and should hold up well. the included ac adapter has a much longer cord than typical for these lights. the included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. it has a pocket inside the upper part for batteries, a clip attachment for the light base and elastic holders for the top of the light, and a small pocket for the ac adapter. it's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. i don't know about battery life yet, but at least they include a pack with the light just like they included the ac adapter (usually an optional purchase).this light is a bit large compared to other led stand lights, but it's so good that i don't really care. i've gotten years of service from mighty bright lights, and i expect the same from this. even if this one doesn't last, i'll keep buying more. 5for those looking for a solid, well made bass amp to step up to from the cheapies that usually come with beginner bass set ups, this is a hard one to beat. it has 25 watts, a line out for outputting to a pa system or bass cabinet, and an effects loop for adding effects pedals. the design is solid, well made and will go the distance. this is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and i beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it....it took it well. highly recommended! 5it is all preference. i prefer the cactus picks. these slide around in my finger to much right now. to each his own. 3this should be your first pedal. for 50 bucks you get every effect except distortion. no other pedal comes close to delivering more bang for the buck. it's clean, high fidelity, and versatile as a swiss army knife. 5let's cut to the chase: this is, more or less, a tight roll of gauze soaked in mineral oil.  but that's exactly what i need to clean and protect my fretboard.  the lubricating feature is just a nice plus. 5wuhan makes great products for the money. i have the 18&#34; medium crash and so i decided to try the 16&#34;, both are great cymbals for the buck. if you close your eyes you would swear you were using a zylgian from the 60's or 70's. nice tight crash with some great overtones heard in more expensive cymbals,  with any cymbal it is the way that you play it that makes it sound great, so with a little drum finese you can get a great sound out of it, the 18&#34; is a bit warmer than the 16&#34;, the 16&#34; sounds well smaller and a little less sustain a bit colder than the 18&#34;, bought 4 wuhans, the 16&#34;,18&#34; 21&#34;(ride) and a 12&#34; splash. will review each one as they come in from amazon. why the 4 stars?....well its not a higher end or classic zylgian but damn close, if your on a budget like i am, go for wuhans. i have been a producer and multi instrumentalist for years, this is a really good product and excellent 16&#34; crash. wuhan really impresses me. there are some great video's of wuhans on you tube, you should really check those out before buying wuhans, or any cymbal for that matter. i am very pleased with this 16&#34; crash! 4i got tired of flying with my guitar everytime i go visit my parents.  besides the risk to my guitar, there is the cost.  for the price i paid for this guitar, i will be money ahead in two visits to my parents.  i had it shipped to my parents when i bought it, and they are keeping it there for me for my future visits.  it has much better tone than i expected, and very good action.  stays in tune very well.  i am very happy with my purchase.  recommending it to my friends who need a second guitar for the beach or the tailgate party. 4these are great strings! break in quickly and hold their tune, work for all styles of playing. my go to strings from now on. 5this little simple looper sure is a ton of fun. beware that there is a learning curve to looping. with trial and error you can get your groove going seamlessly after a while. i'm a little disappointed with the sound quality of the loop playback, could be better. i use this mainly with a double neck bass/guitar. compliments well. 4i use this short stand for mic'ing my guitar amp cabinet. it is pretty small and on the edge of "light duty" but i wouldn't call it cheap or crappy. the adjustable features work well and feel like they will hold up reasonably. i don't use it for gig'ing so it isn't getting beat on but it seems to be a pretty good mic stand and the price was great. i also purchased a "musician's gear"  [ http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0018tc7bw/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title ]similar mic stand which was a few dollars more, i think i prefer the musician's gear unit becuase it's a bit beefier than this one but i still like this stand and it was a great value. this unit folds up particularly compact which migh be and advantage for some. both are perfect for home recording and practice studios, likely even hold up to some gig'ing. 4considering the price is so cheap on these, i took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio. to say that i used it "rarely" is an understatement - maybe once a month when i have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vdrums and a bass di through my powered wedges. that said, within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether, and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume all the way up.aside from it not working less than a year later, as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well. however, if you're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice, it's a decent little mixer while it works.pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero. 2actually they're not fender, they are schaller, but that is really good!. looks great in my fender squier. highly recommended! 5d'addario strings are like the kias of the string world. they make cheap products that cost a lot less but last a lot less time. these strings are ok...i've always been partial to nickel wound (particularly semi-flatwound, but i digress). my typical strings are elixirs, so i'm used to them lasting a long time. in this case, the strings sound good...like most nickel strings do. but they didn't last long at all before they started sounding dull and lifeless, and stopped keeping intonation accurately. so, like most d'addario strings. so...they're not bad, but don't expect them to last like elixirs do. you get what you pay for. 3if you are familiar with the pedaltrain products, you know how solid this product is. if you are new to effects, it comes with plenty of velcro to mount pedals and brackets to mount a power brick (they have a deal with voodoo so those bricks are will always fit). keep in mind you will have to drill holes for the brackets, they are not predrilled.the duffel bag that it comes with has lots of padding and pockets and is pretty durable. if you have a power strip, it won't fit around the edges of the bag; the fit inside the bag is snug. that said, i have a couple extra pedals not on my board that will fit in the pouch on the side along with strings and cables. 5i play an amplified upright acoustic bass and an electric upright solid-body bass. i bought this jim dunlop mc401 mxr because i have a few bass solos that can't be heard above the other players unless i boost volume, which was hard to do by reaching for the volume knob on my preamp or amp with my hand. this stomp box lets me instantly add a pre-selected amount of volume boost only--no goofy effects, no hum, no extraneous sounds at all. of course, when the solo is over, another click with my foot drops the boost. this thing sounds completely transparent when it's off, and completely natural when it's on. for my purposes, a boost of five decibels out of the 20 that this device permits seems to be enough. naturally, you have to have left some head room available in your amp otherwise you won't hear any volume change or you'll get distortion or both, but that should be obvious--it's just like turning your amp up, except with your foot.the mc401 runs on a 9-volt battery, but i also separately ordered the dunlop ecb003 ac adapter, which is also available at amazon. i checked the jim dunlop website and in its facs it specifically recommends staying with the same voltage adapter, so i did not order the ecb004, which is an 18-volt model. the ecb003 adapter works perfectly and seems completely silent.the mc401 is compacl, but it's heavily-constructed so it stays put. the stomp switch itself appears to be made of good steel, as is the case itself. everything is solid as a rock. i don't see how it could be better. perfect. 5not sure why behringer gets a bad rep - this is compact, works as advertised, is affordable and an all around handy thing for the musician.well built, solid construction - zero complaints. 5simple nylon guitar strap with pick pocket and leather tabs at each end.  appropiately priced.  good value.  not fancy, but who needs a fancy strap for a $90 guitar?  arrived before projected delivery date. the leather ends are very stiff and very difficult to use.  takes a good deal of effort to get them on and off the guitar. 3always buy d'addario strings for my 7 guitars.  those strings stay tuned longer and will last me a little longer than others i have tried and believe me when i say that i tried many other types.  they have a great rating from other musicians. ....and the price is very affordable.  highly recommended by this writer.  it is difficult to discuss taste in guitar strings....it is a bit like discussing our likes in food, musicians, movies....etc.  we all have our likes and dislikes.....for my taste d'addario ej16-3d is usually the strings i drift back to whenever i buy strings.  i like their full sound and their lasting tones. 5how much can you say about a patch cable. this is a good one at a good price.i recommend it. 5this does work as described.  it arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out.  the reason i only gave it two stars however is because i find it so uncomfortable!  its quite hard on your collarbone.  i have added foam to it and now it works well, but i suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place. 2i tried this model a few years ago, and i never had a problem with them (once i got it installed), but i went back to the schallers i had on my other instruments.  i thought (and this has been mentioned by others) that it makes the strap stick too far out from the instrument, which i thought looked goofy.  i also didn't particularly care for the push button release, and getting the locking part on the end of my thick strap was a challenge; these have a c clamp, not a nut, so there's no allowance for differing thickness. i also felt safer with the schallers, which hook onto the end of the guitar strap button and didn't depend on a spring loaded button to keep the parts together.  as i said, i had no real problems with them, so if they look like they'd work for you, great.  as with all replacement strap locks/buttons, you have to make sure the screws are secure in the button holes before you start jumping off of drum risers, dropped out of airplane, or what have you. 4good product great price. as long as you take care of them they seem as though they will last quite a while. 5it's survived my clumsiness and i can load it with 4 pounds of guitar books without it breaking a sweat. 4i take this thing out of my rig every once in awhile, but it always finds its way back in.  unlike kaga, i put it at the end of my chain, right before a boss line selector, for multiple amps.  i used to put it at the beginning of my chaing, during my metal days, and it does well there too.  i'm more blues orientated now, and love it at the end.  with my fuzzes i can have them cracked and nice and lightly smooth, then at the end with the eq, i got it jacked up!  unlike most people i love a bass players v on my eq.  i love that bass, but i play through 10's and 15's and those speakers handle it better than 12's, although i do have a 2x12 with v30's in it and it sounds nice.  this is a must have pedal though, no matter what you want your sound to end up like, if you have crapy stuf and just need an edge or really nice stuff and looking for that last bit of tone, you got it with this thing. 5after years of soldering connectors to custom wire lengths, i love the ease of buying a few packs of inexpensive patch cords and just plugging in. some of my older pedals are still connected using soldered 90 degree plugs that invite crackle and hum over time - may be due to vibration when packing / setting up or, maybe it's just contaminates in the air condensing on the contact surface. no matter, i won't be getting out the screwdriver and soldering iron again.one advantage of these molded plugs is smaller size - especially when connecting stereo devices. much narrower than the 90 degree metal shells with screws. a couple of concerns i had were increased noise without the metal connector shell and the restrictions of fixed length. as it turns out, they don't contribute to higher noise levels and, they are just the right length for all my pedal connections. everything is connected using this single length patch.love the color coding, too. especially on the stereo pedals connected in series where you can link the mono and b channels and are looking for that mono output in less than bright light.and what to do if one does fail? toss it and grab another from the bag of patch cords that cost less than a couple of soldered connectors and is replaced faster than a soldering iron can get up to temperature. i'll always have a bag of these around for spares and reconfiguring my board. it's a lot more fun playing than fixing stuff - love these patch cables! 5does a good job polishing my strat after playing, reasonably priced, definitely something to keep around if you play your guitar regularly! 4this stand is probably one of the most popular among smaller bands, jammers and home studio owners because i run across them everywhere. and like everyone else i wound up with a few of my own. here is what i have learned during the four or so years i have owned and used this model:- for the money they are a bargain and work extremely well in home studios and practice spaces (assuming the areas are not overly cramped.)- they hold up under light gigging and jamming, meaning they are not transported more than two or three days a week.- good stability inside, even with heavier microphones like theblue microphones encore 100 studio-grade dynamic performance microphone. not so good outside if there is a fair breeze.i lost one to stepping inadvertently on one of feet, which immediately broke, and another has started binding when i try to extend or collapse the center pole. those problems are not necessarily quality issues since in the case of the broken tripod it was my fault and not the gear's. as for the binding - i am sure that a good amount of grime has found its way into the tube after four years of use and transporting the stands. had i taken better care of them those problems may have been prevented.for inexpensive stands these are hard to beat. however, i now use theseismic audio - tripod microphone mic boom stand - pa/dj/band/church/wedding use, which i consider to be a superior stand for a small increase in price. also, for outside use or when stage real estate is an issue i have found the old school styleon stage mc7201b round base microphone stand, blackto be a far better solution. 4i got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass i had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. i had never used strap locks before and don't think i will again. 2a very good pedal that you miss only when its off. super transparent and boosts your signal after all the degradation through your cables. to my ears it restores the high end and shimmer and brings back life to the note. best used after all your pedals right before it goes into your amp. 5as a beginner playing guitar i was looking for something mid range and this is it.  it holds tune and has not failed yet.  since i am just starting it gets a lot of use with practice.  as i get better i will upgrade.so far the only maintenance has been to tune it and clean the strings and that is normal. 5hey it's a pick, it's 10 to a bag....i lost one already so now i have 9.  i my world that's good stuff. 5fast delivery, and exactly as advertised.  put it to work making music within minutes.  the steel gives a clearer sound than the glass  bottle slides,  but you need both.  good product. 5for the price i think it's hard to get any better than this.  i love this case.  it fits perfectly in the overhead bin on planes.  it's light and feels comfortable when you carry it.  had mine for 2 years now and no complaints, still as good as new.  the look is not that inspiring, but it protects your guitar.  some reviews are mentioning faulty hinges but i've had no problems with mine. 4my guitar originally came with d'addrio exp and they sounded good. i replaced them with elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. this time i got a 3 pack of ej16-3d light. the were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.but the sound is the problem. it's terrible. they sound very muddy. crisp tone distinction is just not there. i thought light would be the better route, but now i'm not sure. i purchased some others to try. also, since a purchased a 3 pack. i may just change the strings completely again to see if i just have some dead strings. 2i love a lot of danelectro products, but not really this one, i give it 3/5 because it works as advertised.the features are good. true bypass requires a 9v wall plug, and adjustments are good.but here's my issue- the distortion is not 'crunchy.' it distorts, sure, but the sound is not dimensional... it has no depth to it.thats fine for someone who is playing one of the various metal genres, but i play a lot of blues-rock... i ended up switching to a vintage-tube overdrive by behringer.not for me, maybe for you. 3the one i got did not have very much of the neon yellow rubber thing on the tip of the screw. i feel like if i tighten it too much, i could dent my mic stand tube. but i haven't dented anything yet, so perhaps i'm just too skeptical. in any event, it seems like a better design might make it easier to get attachments tightened down and facing the right direction. but everything works. it's getting the job done and i haven't seen a better option. all in all, a pretty good device. 4i like cool gadgets - and this is no exception. the red color is a metallic color - and i totally dig it. the display is nice and bright as well. super accurate tuning. well worth it for the price. 5these aren't my first set, i can't count the amount of monster 1/4 cables i bought and own. none has ever failed me so far. highly recommend these! i love how they sound and they are built well. 5it's yellow, its metal, its boss.  if you want your drive sound to have definition this is the pedal to get.  the best od i have ever owned.  makes me want to see if my tone could cut board in half. 4at last i got this mic after doing about a month of homework on which condenser mic to go for. if you're debating between the blue yeti, snowball, samson c01u, and this mic, there are plenty of reviews on youtube and google. at2020 was the most common one that people liked regarding affordability and sound quality. 5i bought this for my brother for a christmas gift when we got him a guitar. he never used it, but not because of anything to do with the actual product 5what can i say lower priced than most and very low distortion i could not hear the hum but for multi pedals to save on cost i use a godlyke power supply but this is a good power pack. 5i guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when i put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but i simply can't recommend personally. 2this little amp is awesome, i once had a peavey bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful. 5works great for the price!! i just started to get into pedals and i thought i'd try something cheap like this, and i was not dissatisfied. don't mistake this for a distortion pedal for those who are new to all this, although you can get a distorted tone for this pedal, it just boosts the volume with slight raise in gain (for those who do know your shit please don't call me out on that, i don't really know and i'm just helping ones like me in simple terms,lol). it works great for switching to a more abrasive tone for solo'ing or just wanting to get loud in your songs.definitely would pick this one up for a super cheap &#34;i just wanna try it&#34; pedal. 5i'm rating it 4 stars because although it is able to attach to most mic stands, it doesn't fit them all very well. opening up for headliners, you basically get given most of your stage gear (minus your own instrument gear) so if you're given a mic stand that has a smaller diameter tube, this will not fit as nicely.  i was playing a couple shows and this thing would slowly slip down the pole (that's what she said).  usually worked fine. i'll still recommend this wedgie. 4works well.  it can detect tones from the electric input or acoustically.  i find myself using it a lot.  even as i learn the notes on the guitar fret-board.  if i guess incorrectly it reminds me of the note.  i also use it to intonate my guitar.  it has some other advanced features, but i haven't need them.  display is nice and large even though i still need my reading glasses to see the note. 5i don't often use a pick for my soprano uke. the mahalo picks bring a clarity of tone that i really like, especially if i'm looking for a brighter sound. 5received the unit, plugged it into my alesis q25, tested it in logic pro x and it works fine. the pedal itself is solid, nothing more to say, happy with purchase. 4this straplock set doesn't come with any instructions, that's because it's so easy you don't need them! took the original screws off my fender strat, set the button, screws and felt washer together and quickly screwed it in. afterwards screwed the lock into mygibson lightning bolt style 2 inch safety guitar strap, jet blackwithout any problem whatsoever and it was ready!it is a quite simple mechanism but it shows that the button and lock won't come loose by accident by any chance. still haven't given it a real gig test but by hanging it for a couple minutes i can tell i made the right purchase. way recommended! 5you need nothing else to replace your string, no matter if you have an acoustic or a electric guitar, or both. i have a couple of acoustics and electrics and you can remove the retainers of the acoustic guitars without doing damage. is fast to tight up the string and it has a cutter if you (like me) don't like the extra hanging from the guitar like cat mustache.recomended! 5i'm pretty active on stage and have had problems with cable breakage for years. (i haven't found a wireless unit that i feel comfortable with on stage yet) i was usually replacing the cable connected to my guitar about every three to four months until i purchased these. at first i purchased one just to check them out, but after six months. i decided to replace all of my guitar cables with these. there just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. they last forever! definitely worth the money! 5small... very small and sits right behind the headstock and very easy to see and read. it is very accurate.  what else can i say except that this is a really great idea and it works!!! 5great recorder on so many levels.i use it for external audio recording for dslr video.i was surprised by the quality of the built in stereo mics.dinged it one star because the display and menu system is terrible.not intuitive and too many steps to get into changing or checking some basic functions.something i will have to get used to. 4this tremolo arm needed to be bent outwards a bit in order for it screw down enough while still clearing the volume and tone controls, overall a pretty good purchase 4i haven't measured signal throughput so i can't comment on that.  but where this cable does impress is how easy it is to handle.  this thing simply will not crimp, will not kink up on itself, does not get twisted and has no tension in it.  it's the easiest handling cable i've ever dealt with, a real pleasure when you've got all kinds of wires running all over.  it's like a floppy noodle but light and sturdy, and the jacks are strong and stable with no loose connections.i have a 10-footer with one right-angle connection, and the right angle is a perfect fit for the jack on the bottom end of a telecaster. 5this is a quality stand. i use it for my yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. nothing but praise for this item. 4i put these strings on my guild acoustic electric. i play mainly rhythm guitar to accompany my singing and do a bit of fingerpicking.the warmth of phosphor bronze strings suits my style and these strings have a great tone with crisp high notes and full rich bass ends.they are made by taylor and all taylor guitars come with elixir strings. saving up for a taylor, in the meantime, at least i can afford the strings!these are very good long-lasting strings. to me, d'addario are just as good. things like strings and picks are subjective. try different brands to find what suits you best. if you are a serious player with a good guitar you should definitely check these strings out. 5i've had this thing for several weeks, and just now, when it fell off the table for the 100th time, i tossed it in the trash.  the whole thing is one piece of soft floppy rubber, it's not stiff enough for the part that cradles the guitar neck, and it's not heavy enough to stay put.  even the force from the guitar neck makes it topple over.  unless you glue this thing to the table, or something like that, it's useless, even worse than useless, it's in the way.addendum:  i raised the rating a bit, after hearing from the distributor/manufacturer ... at least these guys listen. 3when set on blink, they blink way too fast.  when not set on blink, all 4 lights come on and focused into just 1 spot that the combined color come out white.  useless design. 2the tuner i choose is very easy to use, simple and small. good for people who don't have time and patience for to conect cables to tune the instrument. i recomend it. 4this does what it says it does. anything is better than the rubber plug that was in the soundhole. this is easy to install, i just losened the strings and inserted the o port. my washburn d-30s will never leave home without one. 5wow, this works!  at first, i was a little wary about using the liquidthe original peg drops by ardsleyon the pegs for apprehension from the warnings that came with the product.  being my own bumbling teacher, there was a fear i could damage the finish on my rather inexpensive instrument.  however, i needed help tuning a couple of balky pegs, so i closed my eyes and blundered ahead (that's just a figure of speech; for i was careful, using the stuff for the first time).  with care, cotton and a small rag (torn off my moth eaten underwear) i went ahead, willing to try anything.  i even removed the strings from the pegs (only one at a time - starting with the inner one first), put the drops on the proper peg locations and restrung the string.  tuning then became a breeze.  to think i used up a great glob of practice time, not fiddling, but tuning.  bop! could'a had a veggie drink! 5it's working ok, not for hard usei just use it on my pc table for karaoke online.with phantom mic it's well done. 4fantastic stuff....i sprayed it in my bass guitar's pot and now its like new. wish i had found this stuff sooner. 5people complain that these aren't really rolling string trees, despite the fact that the description *never* says or even implies they are, in fact, "rolling" string trees.  honestly, they don't need to be, at least for most guitars.  these small, round guides are superior to the flat, wider styles of most string trees because they have way less actual contact with the strings.  less contact means less friction, less friction means greater tuning stability since your strings don't have as much chance to get caught up on anything when they move.i put them on a cheap telecaster copy i have and noticed the results immediately, and i did not replace either the tuners or the nut, those are still the cheap stock parts.if you have a whammy bar and you bend a lot, rollers might be a little better, but for five bucks this is an easy upgrade (anyone can change them, all you need is a screwdriver), it was a no brainer for my telecaster. 5apple threw a curve at me when, with the new "thin" imac, the company eliminated not only the superdrive but the 3.5mm "audio in" port that had been highly useful on previous models, especially for recording computer sounds with a single patch cord.  after trying a griffin and logitech device, i finally found a useful workaround with the behringer ufo202 interface (there are 2 other very similar models by behringer--the uca202 and the uca222). what sets these interfaces apart from the 302usb is a smaller footprint and a permanently-attached, "dedicated" usb cord.  simply by plugging the usb cord into the usb port on my imac i was able to record all of the broadcasts, tapes and lps just as i had done with my old imac (though monitoring required more cords in back--ugh!).for a committed neophyte like me, the ufo202 was probably sufficient.  i miss the permanently attached usb "out" cable and, moreover, am questioning whether i'll ever use the mixing capabilities of the 302usb, which to my eyes has a bit of a "learning curve."  the problem for the impatient beginner begins with the instruction manual.  instead of separate sections, the manual uses small, thin font and mixes english with spanish instructions--a minor but unnecessary inconvenience. (but give behringer credit for providing a manual!)i thought i was investing in more versatility (for a modest price increase) than what the behringer ufo/uca line of interfaces offered me.  but a friend tells me that garageband has the capability of recording sound-on-sound.  my present programs (sound studio and toast) can't do it, but if gb can layer 2 or more sound sources, then the question becomes whether an external mixer does it better.  if not, the behringer ufo202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new imac's desk space (apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company "thin screen" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner).behringer has presented the best solution i've been able to find to apple's surprising (and dubious) omissions with the latest imac.  if your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302usb is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks.  but if you have a ufo or uca interface, your needs may already be covered. 4the 3-pack is a fantastic deal. i've been around mics under $100 for 30 years, and when compared to other mics in the $50-$100 range, they are as good or better! good lows and clean highs without any hiss. absolutely no whine or hiss when used with a mic preamp. don't miss out on this great deal. 5i was very skeptical to buy a wuhan china because ive had bad experiences before and their quality control is almost non-existent.that being said, the china i received is amazing its a nice thick little cymbal and has a great sharp tone and fast decay.my opinion of wuhan has been raised quite a bit. 5used on an old tiesco 3/4 size guitar i refurbished for one of my grandsons. guitar tuned easy and holds tune well. he plays it for hours at a time 4the behringer us600 is well-made. the high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. it is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode.i purchased the us600 specifically for the &#34;detune&#34; effect. this effect works quite well with single coil pickups going through tube amps. the effect is particularly dramatic when outputs a & b are fed into two different amps, giving a nice room-filling stereo effect.i was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. the pitch shifter produces a very nice lower octave effect, about as good as i have heard anywhere. when using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. this makes the guitar sound huge!the harmonist effect is amusing, but it has limited uses. it won't make you sound like duane allman and dickey betts playing in harmony. however, it is handy for short solos. i tried it in the key of g and got useful results.the trem bar would work well in loud uses like metal. the flutter effect gives a nice leslie effect sound.overall i think this device offers more value than many more expensive pedals. i have seen several speak ill of it, but i'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. there is quite a learning curve on this gadget, but fulling results are obtainable if one takes time to master the device.one other observation: this is more of a studio effect than a road effect. there are many individual adjustments that need to be made in order to calibrate each effect. it would be difficult to do this with the box on the floor. i had to place it on top of my rig in order to access the control knobs and make adjustments. the only way it would work well as a floor pedal would be it the device were dedicated to only one effect (detune, for example) while gigging.in conclusion, i debated for months whether or not to purchase this effect. i'm glad i finally decided to get it. the great sounding detune effect alone makes it worth the price. the octave effect from the pitch shifter is a nice bonus. the other effects are icing on the cake. kudos to behringer for building another reasonably priced effect for the home studio enthusiast and the weekend warrior! 4i have to say i was pretty skeptical about how this would sound but i was shocked at the sounds i could get.it took just too a few seconds to dial in the tone i wanted and off we went.for the money and ease of practicing at anytime with a great tone  is worth twice as much.as far as durability i have had in a month used it 10 times, so far so good.i did purchase the protection plan for $10 so i'm covered for 2 years. 5i have used elixir's on all my guitars for the past 3 years and never been disappointed. their tone is great and the nanoweb's feel nice when you're playing.disclaimer, i would only recommend the nanoweb, not the polyweb. 5i'm using these on the mandolin. perfect for clear loud picking. when i want a more gentle muted tone i use d'andrea pro 346.these are very tiny picks, much much smaller than pictured. i have very small hands so they work for me. they are not slippery which helps. 5how many times did i tweak a chorus pedal for hours and in the end decided i didn't need chorus at all. this pedal is not like that, not much to tweak but the chorus is great. sweetens my cleans, makes the blues sound groovy and fattens the power chords. i even like it with the bass. just a great chorus with not much to tweak. 5for the price and free shipping, this can't be beat. it's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. pay attention to the warnings. if your guitar has polypropylene finish, which most do, you're going to be fine. if you have a very high end guitar, this might not work. 5the honeytone is aptly named.  it has a long reputation for having excellent sound for its size. that reputation is earned.  it has double the volume of a portable amp i own that's twice its size.  the tone range is generous (from mellow to high treble).  from what i've seen and heard, the &#34;overdrive&#34; function is fairly useless in an amp this size.  it tends to go distortion to the point of garble.  my guess is specific guitars may work well with the overdrive, but i have no use for it as i prefer clear tones.  it is possible to over-volume the amp (as with any amp) so i don't max it out, but for a portable or practice amp, it works very well.  i've bought three of these now and plan to buy more.  i don't know as i'd pay $40 to $60 for it, but the amazon price (currently around $20) makes it a great value.  i hope it's around at this price level for a long time as it's great for hobbyist projects or for box guitar amping. 5purchased this and a comparable hosa cable. this cable works flawlessly without crackles when guitar is moved. hosa failed the test in both performance and easy coiling. i will stick to gls products from this point forward. 5i thought it would protect my desk but the pad is almost like that rubber they put under rugs so they won't slip around. maybe i should get that for cheaper.i accidently bought large, ooh boy is it; like, windshield sun reflector size. sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose. 2excellent value for the money although not any more heavy duty than other stands i own. nice and stable for my classical guitar. 5what you need to know about this mic:1) this mic is very directional. you must keep your mouth in the sweet spot at all times for best results. pulling back an inch gets into tinny muddy territory, and an inch too close makes for a strong proximity effect. i found that a palm's width from the tip of the mic works best. as long as i keep my mouth there, the results are predictable and good regardless of the room i'm in. also if the mic is aimed too low on your face (like at the lower lip or chin) you'll sound like you have a stuffy nose. aimed too high (like at the bridge of the nose) sounds sneering and nasal. right at the upper lip works well for me.2) the bass cut and presence boost are convenient. use a plastic thing like a guitar pick to switch them, as metal will scratch it. i've played around with the switches and in the end both set to flat was best. initially i thought the presence boost was a good idea, but in a mix it made my vocals too honky in the upper mids. flat's where it's at. flat sounds most natural.3) being a dynamic, it won't sound as open and airy as a condenser might. though it takes eq well, and you can eq that in. if you remove the foam and use a pop filter, you do get more highs, but after working with that for a while i realized it doesn't always sound right, seems to unbalance the highs above 5k toward sibilance a little too much, but it might work for you. after using it for a few years, i learned that starting with a bad mix that is too bright or blaring and then adding in the sm7b on vocals causes the mic to appear dull and muffled, but really it's the mix that's the problem. whereas if i start with the vocal sound and make it clear and natural, and build the mix around it, the mix turns out to have a natural sound that's not too bright or dull either.4) yes, it rejects room sounds more than a condenser, but not gobsmacked amazingly so. it rejects what's behind and to the side, but in front it's pretty sensitive. so if you're singing with an echoey room behind you, it will pick that up. so don't think this will make you sound like you're in a dead control room, unless you actually are in one. hang some blankets or acoustic foam behind you and you're set. being that it records about twice as dry as a condenser, it takes reverb pretty well in a mix, meaning you can add reverb and delay without having your vocals drop too far away and undefined in the mix.5) so what does it sound like? the sound is *very* natural and true to my voice. it truly is a vocal mic first and foremost. that plus the dry/up-close characteristic are this mic's top selling points. it works fantastically on death metal growls and clean singing atop sparse/acoustic/clean backgrounds. it does have slight color in the mids; i agree with the frequency response chart indicating it has a slight scoop 400-900hz, slight boost 1000-2000hz, but it's still natural sounding despite that. the color is tailored to the voice: reduce the honky boxy mids, accentuate the main vocal intelligibility range. that's one reason why this mic is considered "flattering" on vocals. it still has body though, definitely not a thin sounding mic.6) this thing is heavy and rugged. the capsule is surrounded by this truncated cone-like metal screen enclosed on all sides. the screen is like the kind you see behind microwave oven doors. what i like about this mic is that i can throw it inside a bubble mailer or wrap it in a scarf for storage and not have to worry about crushing or damaging it, and it doesn't need a big case like some condensers and especially tube mics do. so it's actually compact in practice and quick to set up with one of those detachable mic adapter mounts. even without the adapter, it has a convenient free rotating collar to screw it onto a mount/stand so that you can hold the mic in place while screwing it down.7) this mic needs 50 db gain for loud singing, 55-60db for quiet singing, 65-70db for whispering. make sure your preamp is designed for at least 60db of clean gain. some cheaper usb interfaces only go up to 35db. if your interface lacks the juice, no worries, get yourself a cloudlifter and it'll add 25db of nice clean gain and it's phantom powered too.overall, i would prefer a condenser in a good room since it allows me to move a little more without coloring the sound, and because it has a more openness and air compared to this one. but since my room isn't perfect, this will do. the biggest pros are that it's natural sounding and that even with reverb and delay it stands out in a mix. it's especially good on spoken voice, as it was designed for, since unlike a condenser the sm7b does a very good job of not picking up as many mouth clicks, mouth noises, and background hissing.in the end, if i had to get rid of all my mics and keep only one for vocals for the rest of my life, it would be the sm7b. mainly because i know i can conveniently use it anywhere, anytime, and get reliable good results.edit 2014:  forgot to say, when you listen to mic shoot-outs on the net, often times the tip of the sm7b will be positioned the same distance as the condenser. this is a problem because the sm7b's diaphragm is actually back a few inches. so the condensers will be closer to the talent (or lack of talent) than the sm7b in such cases, causing the latter to sound more duck-ish, honky, un-detailed, or thin due solely to distance factors, and is thus not characteristic of the intrinsic mic color. in shoot-outs where the proper distance was used, you'd be surprised how much the sm7b sounds like a good condenser. it really does. of course it may be missing air (or conversely, be less prone to sibilance) but as i said below you can *easily* eq that in, since this mic takes eq very well. seriously, a 2db shelf in the highs. another thing i wanted to add, is that the gentle bump in the 1k to 2k region (for vocal definition) that his mic has, can sound slightly honky or strident or blaring depending on some sources, but again you can eq that down a bit. and finally, when shure says this mic has a flat response, that's not true, it has color and the frequency response charts show it. yet, the color gives it a larger than life natural sound on voice, so it sounds natural even though it's not completely transparent and honest. 5i needed a nice sounding classical guitar for dinner gigs.  i went to the large guitar store and tried out several in this price range and couple hundred above and settled on this one because of the sweet sound and workmanship.  for the money i don't think it can be beat.  mahogany not plywood sides and back and cedar top make for a really nice mellow tone and a bone nut and saddle thrown in for good measure.  bone does make a considerable difference i have found.  all the finish is excellent.  now for some down sides.  yes the frets were not finished up to par on the ends.  as for leveling it seemed ok.  so i took some time and masked off the fret board and finished the frets flush with the fingerboard and rounded the sides and tops.  cedar will scratch and nick just looking at it.  you can make your own clear plastic pick guards to any size by going to wal mart and in the material sewing department you will find clear plastic in large rolls.  you can buy a half yard long x 54" and make enough pick guards to last a life time for a couple bucks.  it clings to the gloss finish nicely. (do not use this on old guitars with nitro finish it will eat the finish instantly)  same goes when changing strings.  put some masking tape at the end of the bridge on the top to prevent the strings from scratching the cedar top.  overall like one reviewer said this guitar is hard to put down.  i put a baggs i-beam pickup in it also.  easy installation and nice natural sound.  it is nice as it does not have a big eq cut into the side of the body. 5sounds ok on its own, not very loud or good quality at any high volume, but then when you plug in some good headphones, awesome! great gain, tone, high volume, sounds awesome, perfect to use as a headphone amplifier with some play and effect. great sound, awesome deal. score! :d 5can't hold tightly on 1st string (low c), a little buzz. 2great little tuner.  easy to work with and also easy to find.  the price is also right and i recommend. 5pretty basic strap, but durable and works for me.  the only thing i noticed is i think that one of the end pieces was attached with the stitching on the wrong side, but it's just a picky detail. 4with a twang twing twong nothing wrong... gotta love these strings that just wanna sing. 5i love this thing and for the price you just can't beat it. it seems sturdy and i have gigged with it for a couple months now and it is holding up. i haven't tried it with acoustic guitars but it fits my 7 electric guitars very nicely. set up only took about 10 min or so and it included all the tools necessary. i saw the same one in guitar center a week later for $60 more. like i said, for the price you can't beat it. 5i play metal so i need a strong pick (the jazz iii models) and this one also has a texture (ultex) that makes it easier to hold onto/keep it in the right position. second time i bought these. 5i have one of these, as well as several other microphones. the sm58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the beta 58a is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. the sm58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the beta58a is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. if you're used to the sm58, then the beta58a can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - i play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a sm57 or a sm58. 5i have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an ehx digital memory man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain.  this does a great job of summing three outputs back into one signal before i go into a reverb pedal and then out to my amp.  takes a little while to dial in exactly where the knobs should be, and they get very loud at the top end, but i have noticed no issues with sound with each knob at around 4.5/10.  i tested to see if i could tell any difference in noise due to this pedal but found none. 5i started playing mandolin back in september and bought a lot of different picks to try to find the type that would work best for my playing, and finally decided on the dunlop jazz stubby 3.00mm picks.  once i determined that it was the best pick for me it was an easy decision to buy a package of them so that i won't ever be without one.  picks have a habit of disappearing just when you need them most -- buying them in bulk this way means that i'll always have them available and can even share them with others if the opportunity arises. 5i'm mainly a guitarist but i do play bass from time to time on an old fender american. these strings are very bright in a good way with a clear, smooth sound. i love the tone you get out of these, very bluesy and the punch isn't too rough it's just right. i'm a huge fan of d'addario, been using their strings for at least 4 years and they never disappoint. give these a try if you're looking for some new strings. 5i was looking for a crunchy type distortion but this is more like a overdrive. i don't hold it against the pedal though. i have a marshall class 5 and this pedal actually sounds a little bit like the overdrive i get from the amp, i say this as a compliment. in my case, however, why would i want to replicate what i already have? i'm gonna return it and save up some money to get a bb preamp. you should check out the 78 badasss distortion from mxr too. 4it's a good ideal but the big problem i have is if ya are using a tube amp. ( have a 65' twin reverb fender tube ) ya get one hell of a hum. it's so bad i just can't use it at all. i'm not sure about a transistor amp. but who uses those ???? 2i bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (rca, mic & instruments). i plugged my guitar in channel 1, mic in 2 & his edrums on rca and we're good to go. not as loud as the 10" or 12" speakers of course but for small room this will do. playing music on rca channel is also nice but you will need to adjust the eq to get a good highs and lows. light weight and very portable. 4these cables are very good quality. i like the different colors for organizational purposes on stage. they are good quality, and very durable. 5i've never really owned a fuzz pedal before, but have tried a few. out of most i've tried, i've come across the big muff the most. it didn't really strike me as a good flavor of distortion to have until recently. even my boss hyper metal hm-3 is considered by some to be a fuzz pedal by some folks, but it isn't 100% there, certainly.my budget being what is it right now, i didn't want to spend a lot for a fuzz pedal. there are loads of fuzzes available for $100 or less, but this model is essentially three pedals in one. that's what attracted me to it, along with a few reviews in youtube. not to mention the bargain basement price.the three modes can be accessed via a switch on the right side of this pedal. the two fuzz modes (in my view) don't perfectly emulate any one pedal, but are extremely useful nonetheless.fuzz 1 is a creamy, midrange filled sound. it doesn't get too bright, until the treble knob is pushed past 3 o' clock. this fuzz could make even anemic single coils sound rich and thick. with humbuckers, it's actually quite clean in silences until the gain is past about 2 o' clock. i love the way this fuzz sputters when notes and chords decay. it seems to work best with power chords (root-5th note), and single notes. if you play complex chords, you'll hardly notice them; if you try to play them, use as little gain as possible.fuzz 2 is more in line with the big muff. it has a scooped midrange, which makes things sound dark and sinister. with the increased bass and treble, complex chords work slightly better here. this fuzz also has more sustain than fuzz 1, so it buzzes longer. this makes it great to use alongside a guitarist that's using a looser sounding high gain tone that isn't necessarily fuzzy. (head era korn comes to mind for me...)the third option is ultimately what made my purchase worthwhile. boost. this mode is a clean boost with a flat midrange level. it actually distorts a little, but that's only after cranking the eq and gain knobs all the way up. the resulting buzz does sound a bit like a slightly overdriven non-master volume amp (or a master volume's clean channel fully cranked). still, throughout most of its gain and volume range, boost does a good job of staying clean. this would be great for pushing an amp into overdrive, or extending the gain of a heavily distorted sound. it might also be useful for a tiny volume boost for cleaner guitar tones, or just to maintain a stronger signal for a path full of effects.overall, i like the tones this pedal spits out. i've only had it a few hours, but i love what i'm hearing so far. the build is similar to the other behringer pedals i have, a nr100 noise reducer, and a to800, their overdrive that sounds like a tube screamer. with this more recent pedal (built on june of 2010), the knobs seem slightly sturdier than before. i'd still not abuse them too much, though. as always, really abusive stompers might want to look elsewhere (or find a way to put the guts inside a custom built tank).you can't go wrong with the bright blue led, either! makes it easy to see on a dark stage, along with the dayglo orange pedal color. 4manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a les paul style guitar. i have an esp eclipse. not even close. chromacast products are great. they need to fix the info on their web page. i'm not a fan of shaped les paul cases. too bad. 1the two violins we ordered came on time, and were packaged very well. all pieces that were advertised were included. the items appear as pictured. it is hard for me to rate this purchase, as i am still trying to get it in tune. i am using a snark clip on tuner, and have yet to get the strings in tune. we purchased peg drops to help with the tuning, but still have been unsuccessful in bringing them into tune. 4i had been learning on a squier for about six months and really wanted a better guitar. after doing research, reading reviews, and checking it out in a guitar store, i chose this one.it's much easier to play than the squier, and it has a better sound. like the squier (but not as bad), it gets a little buzzy on the top strings. i suspect it might need to be adjusted, but i don't have a clue as to how to go about it.it's also a good choice for women. i'm a small woman, and i really like that the neck is smaller. it's also fairly lightweight.overall, i'm happy with my choice. a guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. maybe. i expect to be happy with it for a few years before i upgrade again. 4i use to have a guitar that sounded horrible with this thing in there. it was a pain to take out, too. however, it got a new lease on life with my new guild guitar. it did stop feedback issues and sounded somewhat better overall. i had to cut part of it for the volume and tone control which is located in the sound hole. something you might want to think about before getting one of these. 3i've had behringer mikes before, and currently have a couple of xm2000s, which are very reliable and comparable to shure sm 58s. i saw this three pack of 1800s for $40 in a hard case and couldn't believe it. i hooked them up right beside the 2000s, and while there is a little difference, it's not much. the 1800 has a little more high end, but it's easy to adjust the tone for slightly more bass. the presence is also boosted a little on the 1800, meaning less reverb should be put in the mix to avoid a tinny sound or the possibility of feedback.for now, i'm using the matched 1800s as the main mikes for our vocalists, and keeping the older 2000s as backups.i bought the 3 of these for less than the price of one sm 58. although the shure (and the b 2000) is better, the difference is hardly noticeable once the tone and presence are compensated for. i can afford to buy another 3 pack for complete backup.a wise choice for the budget conscious. 4this is a high quality microphone. sounds really clear and noise is nonexistent. works great with my new mixer. built very sturdy with metal and not plastic. shipping was great along with packaging. this is a very nice dynamic mic! 5i really like the deluxe bags by fender.  plenty of space for stuff, good straps and carry options and enough padding to provide as much protection as a soft bag can. 5the padding is comfortable but slightly heavy, velcro flaps make installation easy. the only thing i do not like is that it is prone to slide around on my nylon strap. i will probably use double sided tape to attach it to the strap, i feel they should ave designed the inner flap with something less slippery. 4until 5-6 years ago there was a virtual void in high-quality personal digital recorders.  then the zoom h2 came along, and numerous variations on a theme were soon to follow.  i've owned both the h2 and the h1 and, though both have their strong points, the tascam dr-05 has served me better than either. the h2 has pleasing 4-point sound and the h1, at half the size of the tascam, works well for "stealth" as well as video recordings when mounted on a camera.  but both recorders are more complicated than necessary, with tricky menu systems, excessive tiny buttons (6 on one thin side of the h1), and dicey build quality.the tascam addresses these shortcomings with a machine that's a pleasure to use.  there are no shaky, rattling parts, the controls are solid and instantly solved (easily manageable with a single thumb), and the wide-spread mic pattern is ideal for most stereo recordings of music (for dictation, i use a separate, small mic inserted in the topside input).  the machine reminds me of the far costlier sony pcm-50 in terms of ease and convenience of operation. the tascam's 320 kbps mp3 recordings of a grand piano strike my ears as no less authentic and sonically "present" than its 96/24 wav files, and tweaking is held to the absolute minimum.  if you don't have $500 to spend and are looking for a woodshedding companion for day-in, day-out use, this is the one. 5i have these on my jazz bass, my guitar player has another brand. we were playing a huge downtown street gig in altanta and were throwing t shirts to the crowd. bending down, picking them up, then throwing. my guitar player had a different lock system, and his $1000 les paul fell to the stage, completely knocking it out of tune. mine stayed locked perfectly... 5this orange micro crush amp lives up to it's name. it's little bitty, about a third the size of the roland micro cube, but it's plenty loud. surprisingly loud really, it's amazing that much sound comes out of that thing. of course it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the micro cube, it's basically got a clean channel, an overdrive channel and a tuner. then a volume knob a tone knob and that's it. the over drive gives a good sound but i like to run pedals through it anyway. it's missing reverb, which i would like to have, but it's far from a deal breaker.i have no issues with the build quality, it feels solid as a rock. of course it's size and trademark orange color make it look like a toy, it's definitely a capable little amp. definitely a keeper! 5this is a super easy to use pedal. you just choose the speed of the chorus effect and the rest of the parameters are preset. don't worry they sound great for that classic chorus sound. if you really want to be able to tweak everything, then get the mxr analog chorus instead. it has about six knobs. i like the ease of use on this one, and i omly use chorus sparingly. another cool feature of mxr pedals is the rubber knob cover that comes with it. it allows you to adjust the chorus rate with your foot. 5so i went for budget pricing without going to the absolute cheapest.using for audio acquisition for film / video purpose.pleasantly surprised at the construction quality of this cable, considering it's made in china; we'll see how they hold up over time.so far, clean sound using a shotgun mic straight into a zoom h4 recorder.my only gripe is that the rubber grommet between the metal connector and cable was obviously not put on straight during manufacture, and will not go on all the way. (on the female side) probably one few out of many, let's hope.it's those small attention to details that worry me about stuff made in china.overall though, a great value for a quality cable. 4this was a great purchase.  a bagful of pretty picks to help my son with his new guitar.  good thing there were so many in the bag because he seems to keep losing them.  great price and purchase. 4great bang for the buck clone of a tech 21 gt-2. this pedal does not have the build quality of the gt-2 but the controls are identical and it sounds darn good (especially for the pocket change they charge).  i have not done a gut-shot comparison of the two pedals so i can not comment on how close the actual circuits and components are.  the tm300 is more than just a distortion box.  it's more like a preamp.  i find that it does a very convincing mid scooped twin type of clean as well as a decent marshall type growl.  i find the mesa to be the least authentic though it is not an unpleasant distortion by any means- it just doesn't sound like a mesa imho.  if you are looking for triple rec distortion there are probably better dirt boxes for that.  i actually have the same criticism of my tech 21 tri-ac (really excellent pedal!)  the tm300 works well running into an amp and because it can simulate a mic'd cab it can also be run directly into a pa or mixer and bypass the amp completely. this thing actually takes other pedals reasonably well.  it can really breath new life into a mediocre practice amp (or any solid state). it can also be stowed in a bag easily enough so that you don't have to lug a backup amp to gigs.  i find it much more realistic sounding than digital modelers but it doesn't quite 100% replicate the sound and touch sensativity of a tube amp being pushed (they haven't invented that yet in my opinion). it doesn't replace a tube amp for me personally but if you are contemplating running straight into the pa because lugging your amp is impractical this is a no-brainer. five stars for what it does at this price.  if you are a hobbyist or weekend warrior this pedal will cover the bases.  if you make your living doing live performances (or if price is not factored into your decision making) i would advise you to pony up the extra money for the tech 21 product because their overall build quality is much higher (with regards to the enclosure, switch, knobs, jacks), their customer service is top-shelf and they are engineered/manufactured right in nyc.  i own three tech 21 pedals and previously owned their trademark 60 amp and i can attest to the difference in overall build quality between their products and behringer's.  sound-wise they are very very similar though and i do have much love for these inexpensive behringer pedals.  i own close to a dozen of them and i have not encountered a single malfunction in more than 2 years. 5i put these strings on every acoustic i own.  they sound great and are priced right!  you can't go wrong with d'addario strings! 5this fender cable is the perfect length for me! sometimes i find it a bit too long but i don't mind. the build quality is great and i know that it will last. the only gripe i have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out. 4you cannot go wrong with this mixer.  very clean sound, very versatile.  very reliable.  i have been using these on the road and in my home studio without any trouble at all.  very much recommended! 5ordered this and two cables! this came and it is so sleek and pretty and the xlr cables fit in it well but the button to turn on the phantom power is a little loose but other than that it is a wonderful little unit! i recommend! 5before we get started, i am more "pro" than amateur. i work at a church as a pastor of worship arts and use this in my work. but i hesitate to say i'm only "pro", because "amateur" means you do something purely for the love of it... and i feel that way about music... so...first... the models i've tested are far and away more realistic to my ears than other modelers i've used, which includes logic studio's amps (these sound almost as good btw), pod x3live and xtpro (the hd models are noticeably better... and the fizz is gone gone gone), the original pod and 2.0 (which sounded the same to me and made me happy at the time), and the tonelab se (which i missed for a while, but not anymore).i made a few patches for one of my guitars based on having a bassman 4x10 alongside the dr. z, and it is the coolest sound i've ever made with this guitar... easily. better sounding, to my ears, than the real amps i've been using (maybe because i put them off stage and don't run them very loud). i adore the sound of this unit.oh, and as always... forget about all the pre-sets. they're probably all as useless as you imagine they might be.now the bad news. and it's significant... for some...first off, editing is clunky like it was on the xt and x3live. just forget about trying to use the display. connect to a computer... seriously. when you start from an init patch, you only get lucky, it seems, to manage to coax it into "two amp" config...next, the functionality of this unit is exaggerated by it's specs. you will almost certainly not be able to do 8 fx at once the way you're thinking. why? let's say you use an xt or a x3. think about what you're used to.you start with 8 fxsubtract effect banks for...1. volume pedal (you need to use an effect bank). you might be able to use an analog pedal, but i like my volume after my compressor... so i have to do it in the loop i guess...2. fx loop (only works with an effect bank... line6, is there any way you can make this always active in a firmware upgrade? seems like you could.)3. noise gate (used to be always available... don't worry if you mix this with the m13 as i plan to do, though, as the m13 has a great gate). i mostly use clean or just barely broken-up amps, so i might be able to skip this.4. wah (this is always available and active in the x3 and below).5. post-eq. the x3live had a final eq before final output that i liked a lot. in addition to all the other fx, too. you need to dedicate an fx bank now.so... you might only have 3fx left. for me, put in a clean boost and tube drive (which i think sound better in this box than they did in the m13. probably because they're "digitally part of the signal" is all i can think) and a verb for the amp. no slots left. what if you need delay and modulation? eek! i have to re-think the way i use fx in this box. still evaluating how that will work for me.what if you're a guy like me who was using the x3live (occasionally) as a one-box solution for a dual-voice guitar. (all my guitars have piezo bridges.) no dice.i will have to use an acoustic preamp. no matter. i have one. i will probably dedicate a "null" amp to bring this signal into the unit and mix it.in addition, there aren't as many computer-recording routing options as the x3live, and the super-sweet ability to switch between two fx chains in one patch (instead of switching programs) is gone. as far back as my old vox tonelab se, i could literally switch channels from one amp/cab to another in the same fx chain. you could do something similar on the x3live. not here. also... line 6, why on earth can't you make the midi in and out work as a usb midi interface with this unit? how complicated can that really be?in short... the x3live has significantly... significantly more flexibility imho than this unit, for many of us at least, and ought not to have been discontinued imho. for some of you, it's still a viable option.you also still might need your other fx!i thought it might be possible that this unit, even if i needed to use my ag stomp for my acoustic side again (which i'm happy to do) would bump my m13 off the stage. it did not at first, but after a while, i did indeed get rid of the m13, and don't miss it.. that said, i think from what i'm hearing that some of the fx (especially the dirt pedals) work far better inside this box than they do in the m13 when you connect it to a pod or amp.my favorite patches so far that i've made (which use the bassman model and the unbelievable dr. z model... far and away my favorite amp model evah!) don't leave any room for modulation or other special fx. (i'm not a "switch whole patches on the fly" guy. i turn fx off and on.) but after a bit of tweaking and patch-making, i discovered that for my sounds, i didn't need dual amp chains that often, so i have all my flexibility back...so am i complaining about these limitations? no. because the sound of this unit is so extraordinary. i'd take off a full star for this shortcoming, but the fact is the unit sounds good enough that i can't do it.there will, at some point, i hope, be a next-generation of this technology which will possibly address some of the usability shortcomings, but i have to say, for this price, i am totally satisfied with the sound!in the meantime, am i willing to trade the flexibility of my former rig for the sound of this one? heck yes, it sounds that good. i even love the models of amps i know i'll never use for the first time ever.... and after a few months of experimenting, i was able to make patches that completely worked for my two-voice guitar stuff... with no additional outboard gear if i didn't want. so i've simplified to where i wanted to, and no longer feel like i'm really compromising anything.so... started with a rig consisting of the hd500, and sometimes an m13, and an acoustic preamp (currently a yamaha ag-stomp) mixed in with the hd signal through the aux input. i've now gotten to the point where i can do everything i want, if i need, without the additional pedals, and i sold the m13. i kept a few analog pedals and such that i just like, but rarely take them out of the house anymore.i'm only nit-picking so that you will know all the trade-offs. for what i have been fantasizing about, basically an m13 in form and function with a handful of amp models shoved in the box, this is as close as we're probably going to come. and, did i mention... the sound! it's seriously great!update! i have learned that i will indeed have no problem replacing my m13 as well, and sold it off. i thought i'd miss it, but i don't.update! as of february 2012, i have supplemented this product with a black james tyler variax jtv59 (korean), and it's a marriage made in heaven! if you are going to go with this product, and if you are looking for a new guitar, check out the new variaxes. totally amazing. 5great easily setup but some time i feel its not perfectly stop the p's, i don't know why but some time i have to keep distance for that issue 4i am giving this item 5 stars because it is awesome litle mixer, was not expecting much for the price but this little unit (it is very small) as i went from  mackie 1202 to the berhinger 1202 (anyone see a similarity here), this is basically the same as the mackie mixer but slightly smaller, recieved it, hooked it up and it worked perfect, few minor adjustements and sounded as good as the mackie, perhaps better, plus it took up less space on my desk. only weird thing about this unit and it has been mentioned before is no on & off switch, why?....problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. all in all for the price, i should not complain much, will pick up another for my daughters studio as it is that good. 5does the job, i've had this for about 7 months and it hasn't let me down yet...except for that time i couldnt find it. the winder, the cutter and the pin-pull all work well enough. noted,  i've only used it to cut elixir nanoweb strings and nylon strings and they more on the soft side compared to regular steel strings. 5in the beginning i had problems.  however i have a classical guitar and i may have been hitting dual strings accidently at first.  after several days, i felt much better about it.  i'm pretty new to this so i take the blame. 3don't know why i didn't buy this years ago. i had a metal slide for years but always like a glass slide sound tone more. i like dunlop products... they are always good quality. price with amazon prime is a good buy. 5works well with my pc notebook and my macbook pro.  sounds good.  amazing for the price.  good buy. can'd go wrong. 5these strings are both smooth sounding and easy on the fingers.  my acoustic guitars seem to like them too, all except my 12-string. i have not switched form martin strings on that guitar. 5if you are familiar with shubb's, they are by far the best capo you can get.  some people do like the big close pin, but if you don't, buy a shubb 5this is an excellent strap.this particular strap replaces a 2 inch wide model that i've had for at least 10 years.  that is a great strap and has held up wonderfully.  i fully expect this strap to match my old one for durability.so why the new strap?* by not using strap locks the area around the strap button holes is much looser than a new one would be.  since i recently bought a new guitar i wanted a more secure strap without going fully to strap locks. so far so good.* wider.  i wanted to see if a half inch difference in width made a difference.  boy does it ever, the new 2.5 strap is really much more comfortable than my old 2 inch model.  it isn't a miracle, but it definitely is noticeable with my 9lb les paul.a consideration: this is suede and will fuzz for the first little while.  if that is an issue for you i would avoid this suede strap, and probably suede in general.  after these strap break in though they are very soft and supple.highly recommended for confort and durability. 5after playing digital equipment for years i recently got into analog (pun intended) starting with an overdrive pedal.i had always heard a lot about the rat and i wanted to try it out.i played a boss ds1 at a store and thought it was a decent distortion but found it too trebly and thin.the rat with all the knobs on 12 oclock sounds like a great rock amp. like a perfect marshall but with more organic-ness. it really has its own tone i must add. fat, thick, smooth and saturated. it responds to picking very well and organically.as you move the distortion knob higher, the sounds gets more and more animal. very thick and "furry". the tone filter knob also is a very strong influence on the sound. with lower settngs the tone becomes more trebly and smooth and with higher settings it gets closer to fuzz. very nice.a nice pedal to have to be sure. 5nice design... small, lightweight and very easy to use, dose the job well. i am thinking about getting a 2nd one. 5i'll be honest here - i bought this one primarily because of its looks.  not a lot of white clip-on tuners around. i also own an sn-8 and in comparing the two, the sn-13 seems to be as tight, but it's only four stars because as another reviewer mentioned you can get the sn-8 (which has more features) for a few dollars less than what you're paying for the sn-13.  still, it's a typical snark.  it registers very quickly, it's easy to read, and you don't have to pluck the string very hard at all for it to pick up the vibration. the stem on mine is a little looser than i would prefer but it still stays in position.my only real gripe isn't unique to this model but to all snarks.  the curved stem combined with the round head means it won't sit very flat in a gig bag pocket and the stems aren't exactly robust, so i'm always concerned that one day i'm going to take it out of my bag and it will be in three pieces.  other than that, i'd recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive and pretty accurate tuner. 4an affordable guitar case that fits my guitar perfectly. that's all there really is to say, if you need a sturdy guitar case  for a les paul styled guitar and don't want to spend a butt-load of money, look no further. 5i ordered this product on a thursday and received it in the mail the following tuesday. came very well packaged and with all the pieces. i was very easy to assembly and looks great! for the price, you really can't go wrong with this guitar stand. works great for either an electric or acoustic guitar. the added strap on the front ensures that your guitar won't fall off. padding on the stand also ensures that your guitar stays protected. great stand for the price!!! 5this is a great tremolo pedal.it is very quiet and when used correctly, there is absolutely no signal drop or volume drop whatsoever.you can blend the tremolo type from a smooth sinuous pulsing waveform to a sharper edged "on/off" type tremolo.tremolo varies the volume of the sound. it does not vary the pitch.you have control over the "depth" or "amount" of effect, and you can control how fast the effect pulsates the sound.a very simple, popular effect that i wouldn't want to live without in some form or another.pretty teal green color.as with all boss products they are built like a tank and generally last forever if they are not abused or damaged.i have no idea how fast this pedal eats batteries because i use a power supply.there is no on/off clicking when depressed.there is no added hiss, hum or distortion.the battery compartment is easily accessed without having to unplug anything.simply a great effect and quality product from boss and tends to hold its resale value well. 5for an $8 item, you can't go wrong. i used it on a violin to test out some amps at a guitar center. it seems very sensitive and transmits a clear tone. 5really a remarkable microphone for around $100.  very sensitive . . . its for studio, not live performances.  be sure to set your daw insert on your input channel with a compressor/limiter, as you can easily blow through the volume into clipping.  has a rich warm tone, like tube mics.  compares to a audio tech 2020, not in the class of say an audio tech 4040.  can't beat it for the price. 4for the money, i have no complaints.  the enclosure, dials, and footswitch are all durable.  not true bypass, but none of the boss pedals are.  it doesn't suck tone.  this pedal isn't the end-all be-all overdrive, but with asymmetrical clipping it fills a niche that ts pedals don't. you lose a little low end when it is engaged, but that actually works pretty well for leads- especially with humbuckers or amps with a looser kind of 'classic' distortion encountered with el84s.  as a stand alone overdrive, i prefer other pedals.  but where this pedal really works for me is as a boost to other dirtboxes or an already overdriven amp.  you get singing, harmonic leads when it is dialed in right.  like any overdrive, you introduce noise when the pedal is engaged and things can get hissy while you are palm muting if you crank it too far.  i am a dirtbox hoarder and i like to rotate the pedals and try different combinations.  lately, i am running this into either the v1 cool cat transparent overdrive (timmy clone - very, very nice) or the behringer bo-100 (which is a dead ringer for the boss blues driver) then into a tube amp that is dialed in on mild crunch (jet city combo or palomino combo).  as with any overdrive, this thing will not sound very good (imho) running into a solid state amp.  that's just not what it was intended to do. it was intended to drive preamp tubes into saturation but ymmv. because i'm a cheapskate (and because these things are durable like bricks) i bought it used for $20, but it is well worth the new asking price. 4i bought both this stamp for guitar and also one from the same company for mandolin, ukulele, banjo.  i'm pleased with both stamps. large enough to see, useful to stamp chords on my own music sheets and other music that dos not have guitar chords shown. 5works great right out of the box. easy to use and accurate. a must have for any guitar player. turn it on, clip it on and tune. 5if you need it, good unobtrusive device for front or as a momentary back strap.  leather or simulated, this was quite adequate for my purposes.  price was right! delivery was immediate.  rolls up to fit in gig bag and no doubt would adequately go into the hard case.  this one is compatible with the finish on my instrument, since it comes in at least two distinct color tones.planet waves mandolin strap, brown.  also comes in black. there is also an embossed model (brown) offered at minimumly higher price. 5despite being so small, it will fill most rooms completely! these are lasers! you can buy one of those cheapo keychain sized lasers and those go for miles so you know this thing will deliver. the patterns they go in are mesmerizing no matter the pace. i haven't tested the sound-feature but i've seen it on videos. i recommend this to anyone want to be entertained! 4i always find it interesting the different opinions about products.  some don't like the sound, others say these wear out in a day (really -- do you play for 24 hours?).  some say that the grip is good.  here's my take -- for what it's worth.  i've listened to these with hollow and semi hollow body guitars.  round and flat wound strings.  my general take is that these picks give a better, fuller, rounder bigger tone overall.  compared to the tortex style pick material (1 mm for the tortex).  it's a bit hard to determine if the sound comes from the material, thickness or a combination of both.  also note, i play with the rounded edge, not the tip.  so the grip in the center of these doesn't quite fit my grip style but it's still ok.  i do find that these get slippery faster than the tortex materials if my hands sweat at all.  i've been subjective in my comparisons -- but this is what i've found so far.  i find that they stand out, sound wise, for the guitars i'm currently playing.  the process of finding the "right" pick is never ending and changes over time.  give these a try and let me know what you think. 4header says it all. works well enough as a string winder, but i was really lookin for something to pull my bridge pins with and for me, this did not work well at all. went back to my trusty rubber tipped pliers and just had to be gentle. 2i really feel like this thing is my personal slave, just standing off to the side, waiting to grab my guitar when i hand it off. it is reliable and rock solid. the tripod base has been very steady so far. it really is a great product.the other thing i have to say about this stand is that it has the non-scuff padding on the all the right places. i bought another stand from another company that claimed to have similar material. and it did, but not at all the guitar contact points.i do have to laugh at the folks here and on musician's friend who have given this a bad rating because of the following:1. "it ejected my guitar when it got tilted forward." - the basic idea is their guitar was on-stage, someone pushed the stand forward, the patented guitar retaining mechanism disengaged when the base of the guitar touch the floor on the way to the ground, releasing the guitar and dumping on the floor. reality: let's say the stand held onto the guitar. it still would have hit face first and messed up the guitar. sometimes accidents happen. don't blame the stand. blame the moron who knocked over your guitar.2. "the guitar touches the floor." - it's not supposed to! try elevating the next, or make sure you bought the model appropriate for your kind of guitar.this stand is worth the extra money over those $15 disasters. spend an extra $10 and save yourself the headache. 5just to let people know off the bat i can tell you these picks are small, and if you are used to big picks these might turn you off for a while. but trust me when i say that once you get used to these picks and you start using proper technique these picks will improve your technique rapidly.i never thought i would say that a pick helped me improve playing but it does. now when i try any bigger pick i even use those picks with more skill now because of these picks. trust me if you put up with these picks for a while and you get used to them you will improve or at least i and many other people agree. :d 5d'addario has always been one of the best string manufacturers around. i've used their strings for electric & acoustic bass, electric and acoustic guitar, irish bazouki, mandolin, irish tenor banjo, 5 string banjo & even used their octave mandolin strings on my serbian brach always with stellar results. when they said these were deluxe premium strings i knew it wouldn't be hype. i was right. i strung my guitar with these about 3 weeks ago & have probably played the guitar 25 or so hours at gigs and in the studio. i've never had a set of strings stay in tune over the course of 3- 45 minute sets but these did. and i was sober so it wasn't just an altered consciousness that made me believe they were still in tune. not only that they were still completely in tune the next morning when i played it. of course that wouldn't mean a thing if they didn't feel good on the fingers. they do. like they were custom made for your guitar. they were on my rickenbacker so i can't honestly tell you if they work good with a vibrato but i strongly suspect they would. not only do they stay in tune but 3 weeks later they still sound crisp & new. i'm going to be interest to see how long they continue to sound good.  i usually change my strings every other week when i'm playing regularly so i'm already passed my regular limit. i may update this review in a month or so when i know how long they lasted. most highly recommended! 5fyi - parchment is slightly off white. . . unless you're comparing right next to a pure white pickguard, you probably would think they're simply white. 5whatever the name, this pedal is from the ibanez tube screamer camp. the packaging description says it uses the jrc4558 chip and ma150 diodes, and yes, behringer got the sound right. i'd say this competes well against any of the modded ts pedals. what i love about this pedal is the tone knob. for the ts pedals in this price range, it's the most useful. you can set it high, and it isn't too icepicky, yet the entire range is useful. this is great if you use the thing as your main overdrive sound.i prefer this pedal for boosting my gain in a hot amp or pedal, or another overdrive. it works well as a lead boost for rock or blues tones. it could also be used to add a touch of breakup for jazz tones.i bought this pedal to "semi-retire" an older ibanez ts5 soundtank. the switch on that one isn't as good as the behringer's. the behringer has a much smoother action to it when turning the pedal on or off. i use mainly solid state fender amps, and several distortion pedals (including a boss metal zone). i'd bet this would sound great through any tube amp worth its salt. the only downside is the slight lack of bass. if you routinely run your guitar sound through 12 inch speaker setups (esp. 2x12 and 4x12), or a distorted tone with plenty of bass, this shouldn't be a problem. 5i have been playing guitar for longer than i care to admit. back in 1966 i went into the music store with my dad and cherry picked the finest fender telecaster in the whole store. back then they were all handmade, so there were variations, and by spending some time, would yield you an incredible find. so i am not a newbie to playing, or working on guitars. i didn't use this capo on my 66 because i have it apart in order to make exact vintage reproductions of the body.today's modern guitars use medium jumbo frets. my 66 had thin frets. with the medium jumbo frets they are sufficiently high, that if you check them once fretting a note with something as accurate as the snark sn 2 all instrument clip on chromatic tuner you will see that the note moves up one or two bars on the tuner once you fret it. (that is one or two bar above the note you are then fretting) so i must admit my quest for the perfect capo would enable me to adjust it so that the guitar doesn't go out of tune when using a capo.i compared the g7 performance capo the six string silver, with the schubb s1 stainless steel guitar capo for steel string guitars, and this planet waves ns-tri-action capo. although the g7 was substantially built and looked rather impressive, i found it to be too bulky, so it kept getting in the way while trying to play chords. so i sent it back. so now it comes down to the shubb 1 deluxe and the planet waves. i went back and forth with these two tuners a whole lot of times. i would perfectly tune the guitar with the snark and then apply the capo. i tried to discern the difference between which one of these would make the guitar go out of tune more than the other. i finally concluded that there was no difference.the schubb s1 had the ability to be adjusted so fine that it would barely be holding on to the neck. if you set that one at its gentlest setting you could get it to be almost perfectly in tune even with the capo on, but set it that softly, and it would just about fall off the guitar. so that is the last thing that you want to happen in the middle of a performance. the planet waves capo in contrast, even at the lightest setting, was still a solid grip on the neck. i also noticed that the planet waves had a wider spread across the strings and therefore was less critical of the positioning in order to get it right.the schubb s1 is a well-made product, it has nicely finished metal components, but with its roller ball system of fastening, when you loosen it, for sure you're going to occasionally be dropping it in on the floor. you could say that requires two hands in order to remove it. the planet wave on the other hand is a true one-handed tool that makes it easy to remove and to put back on. i tried both of these on one of my other fender telecasters, as well as on one of my acoustics. i got the same tuning results on all of them. i am very critical and exact so when i say that the tuning results would change when you put on the capo you must understand, that the tuner was only moving one line. most people wouldn't even bother with that much of an adjustment but i know that there is nothing to compare to a guitar with good strings on it, and to hear the tone and the blend of those strings in perfect tune; perfect harmony rules. you know that feeling when you come to the end of a great song, and you hit your last note and finish with a full chord that is perfectly in tune; there is nothing to compare to it.the planet wave is a little bit bulkier and if i had to get critical of it i would say it does get in the way a tiny bit more than the schubb s1; although this factor is not such a great difference, as to preclude me choosing one over the other. the way each of them mount and dismount to the guitar does make me lean more strongly to the planet waves.i saw other reviews that commented that one type of capo provided a better tone than another type of capo. tried as i might i could not reproduce the differences that they spoke of. there are so many factors affecting the tone, such as after changing the capo was a guitar body leaning a little bit more one way, then it was the last time. for example was the face of the guitar a little closer to the ear range as compared to the last capo you tested that might've been projecting more from the side of the guitar. i also felt that once the capo squeezes the string down the only thing that is creating tone is the fret line between it and the bridge. so at least between these two i found no total differences.i wanted to say that if you are using medium sized jumbo frets and high action you are really bending the string in order to fret it thereby changing the pitch. i love low action with no buzzing on lighter gauge strings. i'd rather dance across the top like a ballet dancer then scrub heavy gauge strings. to each his own they say. i just consider it important to let you know that i'm conducting this experiment with 8 gauge strings on the tele electric and 9 gauge on the acoustic. so if you're running a much heavier gauge string with lower action, you would of course have less tuning shift going on, because you could adjust the capo (and both of these have a round adjusting knob for fine-tuning) and be able to adjust it to the point where you are pressing just beyond the level of the frets and not really squeezing it all the way down on the fret board and therefore have less of a challenge in trying to keep it in tune while using a capo. (although i doubt many are setting it that way but rather squeezing it down to the fret board instead.) although it is possible with heavy gauge strings that you can fine tune the pressure sufficiently that it will yield a tuned instrument while under the load of the heavier gauge strings creating a strong enough grip at this finer setting so it won't slide off of the guitar like the shubb does at its lighter setting.of course all this is predicated upon you not re-tuning the guitar when you change the capo position. that really is the only way to create a perfectly tuned instrument and that is to do a little tweaking when you change the capo position. i'm sure most people ignore that and consider the ever so slightly out of tune instrument is something that is not objectionable and doesn't impede the overall quality of their performance. i find on the other hand, that a guitar which is perfectly in tune takes the music to a level that is not possible no matter how little or much it is out of tune.so i conclusion i find the planet waves easier-to-use and with its longer arm capable of a wider fret board, while at the same time capable of the thinner fret boards as well, as being the one that i highly recommend. notwithstanding the shubb places a very close second, and with its slightly smaller size, it does in fact get in the way a little less than the planet waves. all in all they both are the best of all the ones i've tried. 5who cares if they were used or hanging around the warehouse hey they went together and don't show any wear and tear to me...love them...thanks 5i installed this in a super champ x2.  as others have pointed out you'll have to turn the treble down after installing it.  that's because it's designed for making solos stand out. i.e., for adding punch.  if you're a lead guitarist, this speaker will make your guitar sing.however, if you mostly play rhythm, i'd stick with the stock speaker.i want to put two of these into my 4x10 blues deville to increase its range and make solos sing, while letting the stock speakers give me some bottom. 4comes in a really nice case.  works great.  great price. very light.  can't speak to durability because haven't had them long and haven't used them heavily. 5sounds just like an amp in your headphones! gain, tone and fx switch make for a broad range of sound since you won't be able to use any pedals. this is a great little piece of kit if you have some fun money to spend on it. 1 star off because, while nothing fell out, the plugs on both the bass and headphone side are very loose feeling. 4i have been using this little amp very heavily for about a year now and highly recommend it.  the device is extremely compact taking up virtually no space sitting right next to my mixer, it does exactly what i expect & the sound is clean.  works great - great price - meets my requirements perfectly. 5these are a new style of guitar pick to me. thought i'd give it a try. ok...probably didn't try long enough so i only rate it three stars because of my opinion. the seller did not fail me in any way. 3i bought this bench on an amazon warehouse deal so that i could get it on prime delivery and was not disappointed at all. the bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. the item arrives flat packed and can be adjusted to the correct seating height in seconds. this bench is just what i was looking for and i'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years. 5i'm glad i tried these, i wont order them again. i thought they might be a good alternate for my dunlop nylon picks, not really though.edit: im nothing if not fair. my last review of these was in the context of my playing my strat or sometimes my 335. i stand by that review. however, now im playing my godin 5th ave and suddenly these picks are perfect. ive gone back and forth trying different picks with my guitars. in the end these are the picks i reach for when im playing the godin.i will buy these again. i changing my review from 'just okay' to "contextually perfect". ok i'll add a star, your right i should add a star. there! 4another great roland product.  really easy to use and well built .... very good sound.  great for practice.  certainly do not get the rc 2  ... get this rc 3 model for the memory banks and ability to store the banks later...i did think of getting the larger ones but those are just way to big... check for sales or demos 4for this price, you owe it to yourself to get at least one of these little things, better yet, get one for each guitar you own.they're reliable and easy to use. and accurate!!!you can mount these in such a way that the display points to be back of the headstock. that way, they're easy to read and don't screw up the look of your guitar.why no 5 star review? because they're battery eaters. the provided battery lasts for about a month, then starts dimming. not cool. a rechargeable version would be good. 4i really like the soft flexible cable these have. they were perfect for my pedal board. highly recommended. you will find yourself wanting more than you purchased. 5i have recently come back to the guitar after several years on hiatus. i have several bad habits, including a tendency to need to grip the pick too tightly or i drop it at some point. on a bit of a lark i bought a pack of the clayton beeholds (0.5mm,) and really like them. the hexagonal hole really does make them stay in place with much less grip required, and i find the hole to be in a very natural-feeling spot. the pick is fairly long, but i have not had any accuracy problems with them, and so far durability has been good.i still use other picks too, but i really like these and can't imagine not keeping an ample supply on hand. 5i ended up settling on these as being my favorite strings years ago.  ultimately, they're simply the best for the money.  you can get them for less than $3 per pack, if you shop around. 5i have been asking for this for 3 years now, and someone finally got me one.  nicely built and very handy to have when changing guitar strings. 5this case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. the 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. the red piping in the picture is more maroon in real life. 5its a nice pice,, easy to use and necessary when you change the string of your guitar,,, the only matter and its not a big deal,, is that make a squeaking sound besides that works perfect 4when you're just starting to purchase equipment and are on a budget look into plant waves line up of cables and such.they offer good middle of the road accessories. even high end also. check them out they carry ok equipment. these mic. cables are working really well for me. highly recommended. 52 15&#34; speakers each with a horn built into the cabinet. these hold up great year round. i will more than likely take the speakers down to make sure they don't fall onto my baby grand... 5i've never had these before until recently. i ordered a set and it worked so well that i bought a couple more. the couple more that came in had a wider slot on them. i thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until i started moving some pics around. turns out the wider opened ones might work but not as well. this picks fall out way easier than the smaller slotted ones. 3works great, seems durable, shipped fast.  can't think of a single negative thing about this product.  if you need a tuner, this ones a good one. 5i just bought this amp for my epiphone goth studio guitar, i've got it this weekend and i'm very satisfied with this product. i'm not a proffessional but this amp is really good for the price you pay as it comes with so many functions, with complete add-ons on th webpage. solid, nice sound, very good quality to make anyone happy, except your neighbors.now after a couple of months i want to say... this is great product in terms of sound, not so great in terms of small building detailsgreat for blues style, just use it with clean and good reverb or crunch  and you will get amazing blues sounds.my only con and that's why i have reduced it to 4 stars is the fact that one of the corners protectors came broken and also, the phones are not working. better quality control at the plant can avoid this things to happen. i wrote to line6 and i got useless answers about. 4this box is what i have been missing out of my setup. always getting the question,&#34;can i hook my keyboard into your sound board&#34;. feel good to say that now i have the capability now 4i already owned two of these tuners previously & purchased these for friends. they are great for jamming with friends & are so user friendly & accurate. what is really impressive is that they can stay attached to the headstock of my guitar whileplaying making touch up tuning a breeze. i love mine & so do my friends. in my opinion for the price they are hard to beat. 5the best eb slinky's i've ever used. on these i use the light's--9's. even with the whammy bar they stay in tune really well. i use them on all 4 of my guitar's. two fender american standard's, gibson es-335. gibson les paul/ with bigsby. i always have a set in each case..... try'um... ya won't regret it !!!!! 5elixir makes the best guitar strings, electric and acoustic.  they last forever and don't rust.  they sound awesome.  get them. 5i buy and sell electric guitars and often i meet with someone at a half-way point where access to electricity is unavailable. i was surprised at the volume and tone that came out of a unit so small.  there is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little.  this is battery operated but can be plugged in using an adapter.  i bought a planet waves 9v power adapter to go with the honey tone.  it might work in a busker situation. 5needed something to allow the strap on the guitar to be removed for ease of operation during playing.  this filled the bill, works on basically any type of guitar.  it just hooks around the neck and ties into the strap, and has a quick release. 4this bag is simple yet it's really thick so it makes you feel like your guitar is safe, i have seen many gig bags rip, tear or seen the straps rip off them but not with this baby, its sturdy and cool, with its design and pick designed zipper, i didn't expect to be that cool 5a friend made a comment that the cord looked like an old iron electric cord. lol the cord delivers good sound quality. the only problem i have with it is that it gets tangled up rather easy. 4the fender slick string cleaner works great when it is brand new. the great part about it is the design. the fact that it is wide enough to run along all six strings is a definite plus. the things i don't like about it is the top does not close tight enough and can come off during any kind of travel. once the top is off or just not closed properly, the pad dries out and then it is useless. also, the little cloth that comes with it is almost impossible to fit back inside the container once you have opened it. as stated it was really good at cleaning and was easy to use but i was only able to use it once because the top came off and it dried out. unfortunately because of that i would not recommend this item. go with the fast fret. 3i purchased a bunch of planet waves classic cables for my new pedal board. the cable is a little fat at the connector for pedal board use so if you have a tight fit this is not the cable for you. however, i am very pleased to find the cable itself is quite flexible. my complaint, like other reviews i read, is that the end doesn't seem to fit snug on some connections. for me these cables fit very well with the mxr pedals, dunlop wah and the ibanez pedal. the boss pedals however, were hit or miss. can't say for sure if this is plant waves design problem or boss, but it does seem odd it seems to be mostly the boss pedals. i have a couple ehx pedals also, one side is snug the other loose. anyway, for the money, i think you will be happy with the planet waves cable, nice moulded ends with a good flexible cable. 4for most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  you simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a "shimmering" effect.  it's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern "indie" rock.  but most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a boss or other expensive tremolo option.  in fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.enter the joyo jf-09 tremolo.  this pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  the only two controls are for intensity (depth of the volume swells) and rate (how fast the swells cycle).  the led light dims rhythmically along with the "rate" control, which is a nice visual indicator.as for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  it doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  i'm not a "tremolo expert", but the effect sounds as it should.  if you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  i'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the joyo won't detract from my score.regarding the quality and durability of joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  i've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, i like them that much), and i've yet to have one fail.  the early run of joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the jf-09 tremolo and every pedal numbered from jf-01 through jf-17.  the more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, "cheaper", and the switch is a little more suspect.  i recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the u.s., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from china.  many of the u.s. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.highly recommended! 5shipped fast, sounds great and the price was way better than a lot of other places that i know of 5fender quality is just a step above the competition and worth the extra money over cheaper generic products.  worked perfectly for my latest guitar project. 5actually arrived in the proper bag and looked great. had issues before with company but they resolved all issues. i would do business with them again. thanks for taking care of me. pleasure doing business with you 5fine strings that i have been using for a very long time of my electric guitars. you can get some really nice sound out of these super slinky strings. 5from the other reviews i wasn't sure what to expect but this is a nice stand for the money. i use it and my granddaughter uses it as well. it is sturdy, easy to fold away and easy to setup. the leg spread can be adjusted for space if necessary. i highly recommend it if you are looking for a good valued stand. 4these are good cables at a good price!! not sure they would hold up to heavy use, but for practicing at home they are really great! 5these strings are great.  they are very mellow sounding and i like them a lot.  this is what came on my uke, and i wanted to make sure i hade replacements.  i got both hi and lo g sets. 5very good and very useful device. very solidly built and it does what it was designed to do, very very well. 4i purchased these as well as the jim dunlop 7000 locks.  i recommend the 7000 model.  they both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy.  the 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space.  you will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units.  this is true for either one of the models.  i have a regular nylon 2&#34; levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007si) work well, but i prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000). 2after suffering through crackles, lost signals, and all the rest, i decided to heed the numerous positive reviews of the spectraflex tweed cable and purchase one through amazon.com.  because the new acoustic-electric classical i received as a gift has an end-pin outlet, i bought the spectraflex with the right angle connector.  although i have been using the cable for only a few weeks, i am very impressed.  the connections on all the guitars and basses on which i've used it are sure, with no loss of signal, no crackles.  perhaps most impressive is the fact that i can turn the right angle connector around and never have any change of signal.  finally, i can be confident that when i play, something will consistently come out of the amplifier.  by the way, the old-school tweed look is a plus, too. 5i have mine attached to one of the support arms on myon stage ks8291xx pro double x keyboard stand. while this attachment is designed for both square and round tube supports, i was unable to use it with anon stage 2 tier folding z keyboard standeven with the top tier removed. the reasons for the problem with the latter stand is the friction fitting on the attachment bar was too small for the oblong support tube, and had it mated, the height of the attachment bar would not have cleared the top of the keyboard.when attached to theon stage ks8291xx pro double x keyboard standwith anon stage msa7040tb adjustable microphone boom, blackattached to the top screw-in post that perfectly mates with the boom, this attachment bar/boom combination easily clears the height of either keyboard i use (aroland rd-300nx digital stage pianoor aroland v-combo 76 key stage keyboard).bottom line, make sure your stand can accommodate this attachment bar (according to the manufacturer it will work with most x-style stands), and carefully measure the height of the top of your keyboard from the center of the support arm to which this attachment bar will be inserted. the total height of the attachment bar after insertion is approximately 7.5".  if your keyboard is still too high for the attachment bar + boom or other mic holder to clear, you can gain an additional 3" with ashure a26x 3" mic mount extension tube. 5mixed my band's album with these headphones - the sound quality is impressive in all ranges, and they have a very respectable bass response. they're also great for drum practice, as they block out the loudness of the drums so i can hear my metronome perfectly. they're also awesome for live recording use as a monitor. i will definitely be purchasing several more of these in the future. 5i was using a nylon strap before i got this one. i love the feel of this and the fact that its a little wider than my older strap. the leather feels very high quality and the end pieces fit snug on my acoustic guitar and i don't have that worry of it coming loose. 5i bought it just so i could learn a little bit of guitar. it sounds good and looks really nice. i get compliments on it. 5has a double stick tape so you can place it in a handy place. easy to reach and nice to have on hand. 5these  work great! it's hard to write a review of strap locks without thinking you are wasting your time. you have a strap. you have a guitar. this locks them together. but, these do work really well. compared to other brands, i find them easier to use and that is great after a couple of beers. downside is that the strap is further out from the guitar than is generally considered (by me) to be aesthetically pleasing. but, this is true for most strap lock systems. so, i say go for it! 4i ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. however, the bag was ripped in 3 places. the stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. the most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. the locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. the holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. they looked like they might be relatively solid but i returned them anyway...bit disappointing. 2this switch does work, but you should look before you leap. the switch travel is greater than it is for a standard 3-way switch, and if you use the common fender replacement control plate (or one that was only intended for a 3-way switch, it may not fit. you could fairly easily alter the plate, but if you want the cleanest look possible you may want to investigate a new control plate. 3takes you hours to play around with all the sounds. built in tuner and added foot switch makes it good for stage. nice and loud in a small package. 5my guitar doesn't fall down anymore.  looks nice, displayed in the corner of my office.  very light, but sturdy and is portable.  the only &#34;fender&#34; i'll ever be able to afford! 5i've had this pedal for over a year now and i've been getting more and more into tube amps and i've learned to appreciate how the intricacies of how all of this gear works together (amps, guitars and pedals).when i first reviewed this pedal, i had just gotten a new solid state amp and i was very let down. after i jumped to tube amps, i grew to appreciate it a little bit more, but i was using it wrong; i'd just match the output of my amp and goose the distortion level to use it as a 2nd channel/gain stage. i thought it lent a good distorted tone to my playing, but i dismissed it as just an "ok" box.flash forward: this thing kills! it belongs in front of a tube amp; period. i've found, as all before me, that dirt boxes are virtually useless on solid state amps.the d iii works very well as a clean boost: max the volume, set tone to taste and the roll the distortion all the way back. this will blast your clean amp into overdrive, without much coloration on your tone. this is my preferred setting as i can use it to push my single channel tube amps into dirty territory like i would before, using it as a second channel, but with that natural tube sound. any pedal that gives you some more "umph" without altering the original sound of your amp is a beautiful thing.dial the output down some, and crank the volume on the amp a bit more, the distortion knob really adds some nice saturated gain that increases sustain and can creep up on getting a significantly dirtier tone. i found that this is reminiscent of a classic tube screamer; while not tonally identical, this can really help push a hotter amp into overdrive to get some heavy, heavy tones, while retaining the sound of the amp's natural distortion.in between, you can dial in some classic crunch tones suitable for rock and blues or just a smooth overdrive. after playing around with the knobs, i found that this is a very versatile and well voiced pedal. i actually prefer it to tube screamers and its clones as that's been done to death; the d iii is conceptually the same, but it just sounds "different" that the ts and it doesn't let go of the low end.for the price, this is a fantastic buy. it delivers enough output to be used as a fantastic clean boost, and there's enough gain on tap to dial in just about any rock tone you'd want, save for modern high gain metal. 5very durable and they sound amazing, i love these drum heads and would recommend them to anyone that needs drumheads 5no lie, these are the perfect strings for an electric arch-top.smooth but not dull sounding. will defiantly be buying more. 5this amazing punch can be used to completely obliterate the numbers, and name on an old card, and give guitar picks at the same time. the edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. one of those soft nail sticks that the ladies carry around work very well to get the rough edges removed. 5small. light weight. stunning fender blackface looks. warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. the digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. the fact that fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. it is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. the direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. what could be easier? and it mikes well too, by the way. the choice is yours there.with no led display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. the voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. the tweed, blackface, and marshall voicing are all well done and lend to the overall tone of this fine little amp.love the reverb in the fx section. the spring reverb is so well done that i bumped the amp once and was looking for the "spring chrash" known from amps with the real spring reverb. it's that good. once again, the controls are easy and direct. never an issue to simply select a model and then dial it in with little effort. who cares if it doen't have a floorboard with dozens of switches and such for channel selection? you want that, go waste your money on a line 6 or something. this champ is made for one thing. to give you the best possible tone and selection for the least amount of money and effort. i believe it has accomplished that well.again, a shame that fender has dropped this model from the line up of products. the super model is a step up in power and speaker size, but also the cost is higher as well. i'm just glad that i got one of these from amazon. com when i did and will not part with the amp. been playing for five decades now and i know when i have a good instrument or gear and when i don't. this model is a keeper to be sure. and i don't even like digital! how's that for an endorsement? it's that good for what it does.... 5love the security of having my picks within grasp!  great product and great value! i would highly recommend this to others. 530 bucks is better than 179 for the tube screamer from ibanez and the sound is very similar based on youtube.  i use this on the clean channel of my bugera v22 tube amp and it makes my guitars sound like they should.  awesome with my ltd vc-401 with 59 and jb pickups. 5a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item  i bough for my primo and he really loves it! 5i have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently. the price is right for these, and they work just fine. my only real issue is that sometimes, they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you're going to bar, thus producing a sound you weren't looking for. some of the higher end capo's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring. however, like i say, these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard, and are from what i can tell, the most popular model on the market. 4sturdy, portable, and the little extra weight is worth the investment if you ever want to put a music book (rather than single sheet music) on your stand.  those flimsy, backless music stands are worthless imo, especially on a breezy evening.  my bandmates are upgrading to this stand as well and we primarily play indoors!  i guess at least one of us is a bit of a windbag. 5too much noise with one spot. this was way better.lot of feature.outlets 1&#8211;3 can all be used to power either 9v or 12v pedals. for each outlet, just use the voltage selector switches to choose the voltage you need, plug in your pedal and go!outlet 4 works the same way and gives you a similar choice &#8211; except that it&#8217;s between 9v and 18v.outlets 5 and 6 may only be used one at a time. if you use them both at the same time, you might get some noise. like outlets 1&#8211;3, outlet 5 gives you a choice between 9v and 12v. outlet 6 is a 12v ac outlet for pedals that require ac power.6 isolated outputs delivering 300ma each (centre pin is negative) ac output at connector 6. will power all pedals.most of my pedals are 20 to 30 ma. so potentially i could have 40 plus pedals in a chain. awesomeall the cables you needlike all t-rex fuel tank power supplies, your new chameleon comes with a full set of cables to help you keep your board clutter-free. once you&#8217;ve selected your voltage options, just plug in and play!excellent!don't even think about it.just get it.highly recommend it 5i bought these strings to replace the strings on my hofner acoustic. the gauge is pretty good for a deeper tone. i might try a lighter set next time, but these have a good clear tone from low to high, and are fairly comfortable. 4this is the one you want.  it's a timeless classic, built like a tank, worth every penny.  an investment in your musical future! 5at first i was skeptical of this nifty little tuner, but since i've been using it for the past few weeks, i've yet to have one complaint. it sits right atop, clipped to the guitar, operates on vibrations, so doesn't pic up other guitars, is light, barely even notice it, and seems quite accurate. 5this is an excellent product. i've used one of these before, and don't remember it having lock washers... this does. when you tighten this down, it actually stays tightened.for $10 you cannot go wrong with this. bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style. 5the cobalt seems like it gives the strings a silkier feeling. maybe it's just me, but that's how they come across. i noticed that these strings become discolored quicker than the stock steel, but don't lose that new sound new as fast. i didn't have near as much string stretch with these either. i'll keep using them, just maybe in a different gauge. 4there a hundreds of distortion pedals on the market today. sure, some are said to be the best at this or that, but for me the rat is the one that does it all. and at a great price to boot. this pedal is not new to me. i've had a few of them in the past, but the rat 2 is just a great as the older "vintage" models. goes from a nice bit of drive that is far better than a tube screamer, to a near fuzztone, with some warm, smooth creamy tones in between. remarkable. no other distortion pedal can do it as well. i've been playing for 5 decades and have had more than my share of them. but the rat delivers. no joke. it just does it all, and well.the filter (tone) is set up where the tone gets deeper by going clockwise rather than counter clockwise. that might thow a few folks off, but it's a little thing really. the filter is the core of it's tone and the distortion control is very linear in how it increases the distortion. by going higher with the distortion control, the volume only goes up a little. that's great as making changes while playing is less of a hastle if you just lean over and bump it up a bit, the volume won't go through the roof.100% silent switching. no hum. no buzz. and no loss or increase of your overall level when you engage the unit. flawless comes to mind here. easy to set up. strong as a tiger tank. and just flat out gives you what you want without all the fuss of 6 or 8 knobs for you to mess with. and the three that are there all glow in the dark like all the rats of the past. kinda cool if you ask me.if one wants a good distortion pedal that will perform without issues, get yourself a rat. if you want to impress your friends with how much money you dumped on a "boo-teek" pedal that sits in the rat's shadow, buy that high dollar unit and you can at least "look good" while you play. but your tone will still stink. its up to you. me? its a no brainer. i go with the rat.... 5does what its suppose to..only giving it 4 stars because they should have a multiple preset switch available rather then only letting you do one 4another excellent gadget from planet waves. what a great idea. already has made my life easier. keep a pile of jazz iiis in the concave pocket (shallow depression for holding stuff). i don't own any very expensive guitars, so i'm not concerned about resting their bodies on my carpet. the guitar rest simply makes your guitar more accessible, and that means... you're more apt to grab your axe and play more.when un-weighted by the guitar neck, the rest itself is rather light and can move around easily. no big deal at all.*****************************edit: just purchased another one -- an axe close at hand is an axe you will play. that's been my experience. after living with this for a few days one thing has become an annoyance: when there's no guitar holding it to the table, it's very easy to knock it off the desk. the way it is designed is such that the leverage has a see-saw effect that will have it fly a few feet across the room. because it sticks out horizontally, just a nudge with a knee and there it goes. so if you have picks or anything sitting in the round holder area, it can be an annoyance.i do use these for my guitars, but i feel much more comfortable using a proper stand. the product is worthwhile for a quick location for setting down your axe without searching for a stand.if the product had a way of either using suction or tab to secure itself to a surface it would earn another star. 3simple and useful rack stand. easy to assemble. easy to mount rack components... but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. a little more interest in the manufacture means more quality. 3i installed this in two minutes. i was planning on just using my twist-n-lock drywall anchors i bought at home depot to install some shelving recently but that's what it actually came with. these anchors are great. i used an 11/64 drill bit for the pilot holes. don't use a bigger bit. it might be tempting to use a 1/4" drill bit if you're thinking of the push in type drywall anchors. that would be a mistake. these are better and screw in. i used a manual ratchet screwdriver. the anchors go flush with the wall then you screw the wood screws into the center of the screw head and through. i recently installed several shelves in two apartments (a friend saw mine and wanted some too) and these are the anchors i used. of course a stud is better and also if your drywall is already crumbling that's no good. for a typical well maintained house or apartment though this should be fine even without a stud. i have a schecter five string bass hanging from it and i'm confident that's not going to pull out from gravity. a heavier screw would still work and add confidence than the one packaged. one such as the screws packaged in actual twist-n-lock anchors. looks nice. decent price. 5my go-to string brand for any stringed instrument. punchy round-wound tone, but very responsive to the tone controls for a more muted sound where required. 5these little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..i'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. the product description says 6 inches, right? if you jump over to these (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b001pgxkc8/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=utf8&psc;=1) planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) the hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. i only used the hosa cable as an emergency back up.to conclude, would i recommend these? yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. but my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else. 4i've been using only these even since trying them, wonderful picks for speed and precision, you won't go back for sure. 5i usually don't buy many guitar straps, and when i do, i like to get a thick, leather-type one, because i've found any other strap seems to bite into my shoulder after a while, and i don't like having metal pieces on the strap that can scratch up my instruments.  i bought the black version; i think my days of jumping around and sweating while playing are over, so i probably won't worry about running colors (but i will keep an eye out for such a thing).  it's very adjustable (just not quickly adjustable), worked perfectly with my straplocks, and keeps my 45 pound (it seems like it, anyway) les paul from digging into my shoulder.  the 2.5 inch width is fine for me, but if you're spending long hours strapped to a heavy monster, i'd go up to the 3 inch model, especially if you're going to be bouncing around for the greater part of 5 hours. 5i wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features.  though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps.pros:  32 amp models, 16 cabinet models, effects + thousands of available presets = tones galore; good software for managing tones and creating new ones; can be used in front of an amp (in case you want to know how a modeled mesa/boogie would sound coming out of a real vox); lots of connectivity; compact enough that i keep the unit, the cable and the power supply in my case; no tech problems at all; built-in noise gate and tuner; easy-to-use tap feature.cons:  there's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 aaa's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  and i still don't sound like alvin lee).as an inexpensive effects box that also works as a portable headphone amp, this thing is cool.  you won't get bored with it but you will need to learn how to use it.  master some of the amp/cab models and how to tweak them for gain, reverb, delay, etc. before you dive into the presets.  and once you've got the presets you like best, use the software to put them all in one place so you can find them easily.the line 6 pocket pod pack includes a patch cord, power supply, usb cable, cd, cheap ear buds, and mp3 player cable.  the pack is 150 new, so if you're going to buy the power supply then just get the pack.  if you buy used then the manual describes how to do a factory reset so it's like new again. 4my experience with this little tuner has been perfect...it's extremely easy to see in a dark stage environment / it's dead quiet when activated / easy to understand when you are looking down at it while you're tuning / takes up very little room on a pedal board / the cream on the coffee is that it's under a hundred bucks - that's crazy for the build quality - it's a little iron bricki highly recommend this little guy - korg got it right on this one..!!! 5this is the third snark tuner (the others were snark ii) i have bought. both of the others broke where the stem joins the clock-type display (could be glued together, but irritating). this one seems to be made of different material and with a bit of luck will be more durable. why buy this after the experience of the others? well they are very good and easy to use tuners, and for not much money (my guitar strings cost more!). this one has a great display - full colour and easy to read. i use it on a guitar, a bass and a 12 string and it works well on all of them. 4i've been using these strings for about eight years, and i also use them on my two taylor's (814-ce & i use the mediums on my 710) i agree with the other reviewer in saying they are the best sounding coated string out there. i still use martin strings once in awhile, but these strings last and improve in sound as they get a few hours of play on them.actually i own three other acoustics other than my two taylor's and right now they're all strung with exp's. i know people want different sounds from their strings, but i find these to be bright with a great bottom on them, unlike the elixirs which i find to be unbearably bright with a weak bottom end. these strings sound great with great dynamics on them. even on my laguna grand symphony (slightly larger than a grand concert) they pump out the lows and sparkle on the highs. these on my grand auditorium do the same thing, they produce the sound i demand and make a real positive improvement over the other coated strings i've used.the mediums on my 710 have an endless bottom end and still have great range on the mid's and treble.as i said i still use martin phosphor bronze strings once in awhile, but honestly these strings hold up extremely well and sound great. darn near as near to an uncoated string that you're going to find. 5i'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing. they're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. drop few more bucks and get something else! 1well made, proven over decades. switched from ns capo to improve tone with a one piece mahogany neck. not sure there is a huge difference but there does seem to be an improvement. requires less adjustment. square pad allows placement right next to the fret. easy to adjust with a bit of practice.i enjoy using quality machined parts, so this is a pleasure, plus it is built to last. 5the product was exactly what was advertised and completely filled the job it was intended for. service was more than expected 5i've been playing guitar more than 35 years and have used a lot of electronic tuners.  the first was slightly larger than a paperback book and cost what a cheap guitar sells for today.  but it was a godsend tuning up backstage while another band was playing.  over the years tuners have gotten smaller, cheaper, and easier to use.  the planet waves pw-ct-12 is my new favorite.it is very small - a little bit larger than a grape.  despite some of the other reviews i have used it with good results on a strat, tele, les paul, and es-335 electrics and on acoustics from martin, gibson, national resophonic, and voyage air.  i clamp it on the headstock between the nut and the low-e tuner.  i didn't expect it but it is out of the way enough to leave on while playing.  previous to this my favorite tuner was a chromatic ukulele tuner built to clamp on the top of the headstock.  small and accurate but to use it behind the headstock i have to read it upside down.  the pw-ct-12 is nicely out of the way even when i play an f chord with my thumb on the low e string.  it's so light i don't notice it's there.the display is bright and easy to see in most light.  a bit hard to read in direct sunlight but i do my best to avoid playing without shade anyway.  the display is small - a dime can cover most of it - but the characters are large enough to read in normal playing position.  the '#' sharp symbol is small but once you are familiar with the display you recognize it.  (no flat symbol.  bb is displayed as a#.)  the tuner has auto shutoff to make the battery last longer.  the display uses bars to the side of the note letter and color to indicate tuning.  it's red until you get close then green with a bar on each side when you are in tune (for example, |e|).  i found it to be stable enough to be easy to use for quick tune ups between songs.these are inexpensive and intended to be discrete so the clamp is small and thin.  rough handling will probably break it.  i notice that the clamp is easily removed so i'm guessing planet waves may sell replacements.  the clamp was not intuitive the first time but the instructions do cover it.  it is a ratchet rather than a clamp.  you press a small tab and gently pull the clamp out then push it down on the guitar neck.  for this reason this is not a tuner to pass around.  it's meant to be left on an instrument.  (it's small enough that you can leave it on in the case.)  if you need a tuner that is moved frequently there are better (and larger) choices.  it can be moved but it is a good tuner to set and forget.  i'm going to buy a couple more to leave on my most frequently used guitars.other reviewers commented on accuracy.  if you want strobe accuracy there are better choices.  for that kind of accuracy you also need a larger display.  this tuner will get you close quickly and you can use your ears to fine tune if necessary.  i haven't had a problem except with guitars that have built-in intonation problems (like old nationals) and they need tweaking even after a peterson strobe.soapbox: especially if you are a new player, do yourself a favor and learn to tune your guitar by ear!  try tuning the strings to a reference pitch or each other then use the tuner to check.  learning to tune by ear will help you in more ways than i have time to list.  being able to hear the intervals in a chord and know which string is off is an invaluable skill.  people that can only tune with a tuner will take much longer to develop that, if ever. 4i purchased this for a friend who has just taken up playing the violin, she prefers it over the rosin that came with her student violin because of the wood that forms a grip around the rosin. 5iv'e tried a lot of thumb picks( i use them for bass) you no what that doe's to them,these are the one's i'm staying with these thumb's. 5these pedal cables are of superior quality at a reasonable price. well-designed and reliable, i highly recommend these. thanks to amazon for offering this great product. 5the standard for mild, non-oily instrument cleaners. leaves no residue, easy on old guitars' finishes. i have used it for years. 5i am impressed with d'addario's electric strings. easy to adjust to, very light on my fingers and they're built to last. with a few adjustments to my amp settings, these strings are very dynamic in their tone quality from classic to hard rock styles. any guitarist who plays electric can enjoy these strings, and they last a long time too. 5best strap locks ive ever used, dunlop has always had great products.easy to install and i highly recomend them to any bass player 5i've got two other levy's cotton straps that i picked up at local brick and mortar stores and they're fantastic! i picked one up on amazon and i was unaware that there was an 'extended length' version and that it was what i had bought before. i suppose it's just easier for theno big deal though, just an observation worth noting because if  you just picked one of these up based on prior purchases (and you're a big guy like me and/or you play with the guitar/bass around your knees) you may not be getting what you thought.in any case, these are very comfortable (soft edge), they stick on you (as opposed to some other materials which may tend to slide down), and they last. 5i have the snark 2 but read that this was the best so far.  i got and agreethis works better.  i would recommend it to anyone. 5this is a fun pedal and it really seems to work pretty good as far a getting tube like tones. simple 5i&#8217;ve used strap locks before and never found any to be easy to attach or remove but these are well made and easy to use. very secure. the best i&#8217;ve used so far. 5i bought some of these a few years ago just to try them out.  the "gel" in the name sounded intriguing.  these are ok, the colors are bright, but otherwise they're just standard plastic picks, which on an electric i prefer nylon because it's less "clicky" on the strings.  these are fine, and if i pull one out of my gig bag i'll use it, but overall there are other styles of pick that i'd buy before buying these again.  nothing wrong with them, but they're just normal plastic picks, nothing special other than maybe the brightness of the colors. 3this is a pretty good deal if you look at the price of other capos, and you get free shipping.yeah, it's not as quick to use as the spring loaded ones, but still not bad; better than an elastic strap type.it is also great for creating your own short cut and drop d capos.  with a sharp razor you could do all sorts of crazy stuff.do not overtighten the screw because the bottom arm is thin. you can add a pad of some sort, or just take care to not to over-tighten it.i'm the type of person that would glue in a small piece of material if it broke through.  so, far it doesn't look like it will though. 5cool design, makes a big difference in you audio. even careful hand tightening will break the thumbscrew. screw is actually two pieces (wtf?) of worlds crappiest pot metal.  supposedly a new tightener design is on the way. 3very sturdy stand suitable for stage use. this stand even accommodates a double neck. its not very compact when folded but i'm still giving it 5 stars. 5i am a beginner guitarist, i am happy with this capo. it works good and that is all i need. the fit and finish seems like quality also. 4let me begin with a public service announcement: if you want to buy other ezdrummer expansion packs, you need to buy this product first!***important update*** toontrack is scheduling the public release of ez drummer 2.0 in may 2014. if you buy ez drummer 1.0 from now until then, you will also get the download for 2.0. bear in mind, ezd2 is a completely new/different program from ezd1, and so i would jump on this opportunity considering you get the stock ezd1 pop/rock kit (which has some very kit pieces) in addition to the ezd2 default kit (which is more reminiscent of the rock! expansion kit from what i've seen). ez drummer 2.0 also gives you the ability to mix/mash kit pieces from all expansions, and so to me this makes ez drummer a must buy based on the sheer customization available. ***resume normal programming***if you are an amateur musician and you want a quality virtual drum kit, ezdrummer is probably the best bang for the buck you'll find. it's very easy to use, very easy to program, and overall a well made product. you might be tempted to compare ezdrummer to its bigger and better brother: superior drummer 2.0, made by the same company. superior drummer is superior to ezdrummer, but is a little more tedious and more suitable for musicians who want an exact close-to-life sounding virtual instrument.there are ways to improve the off-the-shelf sound quality of ezdrummer immediately. youtube has plenty of video tutorials on this, but what you want to do is open up your digital audio workstation (pro tools, cubase, etc), and set ezdrummer for multi-track output. from there you'll be able to tweak the different outputs ezdrummer has as if you were in a studio and had 7 mics at your disposal. most high-end professional studios use about 10 mics to capture everything on a drum kit, and so 7 virtual mics is nothing to scoff at: kick drum, snare top and bottom, toms, cymbals, overhead, and room. once you have each of those outputs running, you can perform individual eqs to change the tone dramatically. adding a touch of distortion/gain and room reverb will make the stock kit sound really close-to-life. in reality, once you have additional instruments layered and everything mixed and balanced, it only takes a trained ear to tell that it's a virtual kit.as far as the expansions go, if you are looking to record a particular style of music, then i highly recommend buying the ezx kit that goes with that genre. the stock rock kit is very good (after performing the mods above)... but only for rock. as for me personally, i did my best to eq and tweak the crap out of it to get a nice metal tone, but in the end, i found the rock kit lacking, especially since it's a "tight" kit (3 toms, 3 cymbals, 1 hi-hat, 1 snare, 1 kick). 4nice bright and full sound. good life, they sound good for a couple of months. inexpensive. fast delivery. i am happy with this product. 5excellent product at a righteous price. helps my guitar stay in tune.changed the saddles at the same time and the sustain is much better. 5i've had this pedal for a number of years. it provides a wide range of reverb effects, sounds natural and has a killer stereo output. i've haven't heard a pedal that competes with spring reverb, but this pedal keeps up with any simulated reverb pedal i've heard and does an excellent job with amps that lack a spring unit. the effects can go way beyond what a spring unit can do as well. recommended. 5this is just the tuner i was looking for! it works on vibration or mic, so it's very versatile. it works on my acoustic, bass, electric, and my mother's voice. haven't tried the trumpet yet... intuitive and the back-lit screen is so easy to see! 5i normally use my korg foot-switch tuner for my guitar and basses... this guy really had me believing in small-vibration-tuning.three key words for this: accurate + small + inbeat! 5i installed one on my larrivee d10e which created a more focused and pleasing bass response and reduced feedback when amplified. i then tried one on my breedlove custom revival om with poor results. i believe the breedlove's inherent bass response conflicts with what the oport is supposed to accomplish. in both cases, i had to cut slots for my pickup controls which takes a little time and care  to do neatly. i think , for 20 bucks it is worth a shot, but don't expect miracles. 3bought it after read reviews. i had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. my connections were on and off, i thought i had a dead pedal.. i have to wiggle and hold to get signal. it's too flexible almost like twizzlers (no kidding!). if you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from pro co, i bought it very cheap from sweetwater on ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable! 1each bx5 d2 speaker has its own amp onboard and power supply.  want a 5 channel system - buy 5 speakers and run xlr audio to each one.  no noise or hum.  has both trs and xlr inputs - has a knob for gain control on back.  most importantly each speaker has an iec connector for power to just that speaker.  mine sit left and right of my mixing panel using trs outputs which copy the xlrs - those go to my marantz pmd 580 digital recorder w/ 32 gb of datacard memory onboard and a nice set of vu meters.  speakers include a foam stick on bottom to prevent buzzing against hard surfaces.  there is, however, no mounting point - no captive nuts or such.you'll need to adopt a philosophy on gain.  you can crank the speaker gain to 100% and use your mixer to set the levels but ensure that your recorder gets enough signal to be in the -15 to -6 db0 range.  it may be a tad loud - in that case you may want to set both speakers to their 12 oclock position which is 50% power approximately.you could alternately use the mixer to run near 0 db and turn it way down on the speakers.  i like to use mine to listen to talk shows before falling asleep at night so i turn the volume way down but drive them with -6 db0 off the mixer.having a separate power supply and amp for each speaker makes for some great isolation.my **first** nitpick is there is no grill cover on these like other maudio products have.  i will have to fabricate some protection.  my second nitpick is i owned the smaller m-audio 4" monitors where the amps were in the left speaker and the right speaker connected with twin lead speaker wire to the left i.e. not true bi amping but smaller spkrs for my mixer.  the speaker w/ 2amps died at 15 mos after buying it.  it was not the power supply as being on made the box warm, but the led surround around the vol knob would not light and you could barely hear the audio even with -3db0 into the trs line in.  thats a different cheaper model by maudio but i had to trash it and buy these which are much nicer!i do like this set of speakers.  from stereo to 5.1 surround they do the job with differential audio inputs.  i may get 3 more for 5 ch as i have a sub already. 5so perhaps i don't know what shade burgandy really is. or the picture is a bit misleading. it is as stated, although the picture shows a criss cross pattern this is just woven. as too "dee"s reveiw... the buckle doesn't seem to bother me. i am not calling him or her out or anything. my best guess, it's playing style. i myself play bass, when i first started i played on the 3" inch straps and found they bothered me, went to the 2" straps proplem solved. i am sure that at certain lengths it does become a bother. but for me and the way i play... no complaints. 4i usually play my jazz bass fingerstyle, but there are songs where i prefer a pick, especially when i need speed and accuracy. until i found the hard wedgie rubber pick, i used a heavy fender pick, but didn't like the sharp pick sound very much.i bought a set of soft, medium and hard wedgie picks to try out and i'm really happy with the results. i greatly prefer the soft wedgie on the uke, i like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard wedgie's really nice for my jazz bass. i still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the wedgie's are fantastic for when i need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments. i prefer the 3.1mm wedgie picks since the 5mm picks feel a bit too thick for my tastes, but that's entirely subjective.i'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me. 5i have them in purple which makes them stick out.  they have the little cut out to make it easier to grip and hold when i am playing the mandolin.  already planning on purchasing more. 5think it sounds like a trash can lid? no, it doesn't. it sounds like a crappy china which has it's place (in the rehersal studio for one...). want a really good china? spend more money. that's how it works. great for practicing. small diameter gives it a shrill overtone. poor on recordings (unless you're looking for that... there's always an application). for $20 though, c'mon. what do you want? anyone giving it less than 3 stars is a pretentious wad. it's $20. it was made in the remote hills of wuhan china where they've been making cymbals of sorts for more than 3,500 years and you got one for $20. or go buy a k kustum and quit your sniveling. i say get one! get them all in all sizes and you still spent less than an actual professional china. boyah. 5i like these picks.  they look great, and work well.  i have no issues at all with them, and they play a little stiff when new, but within minutes feel like an old friend.  great buy for $3.  give one to a guitar playing friend and watch eyes open wide with a "no wayyy!" look on their face!! 5i once dreamed of something like this around 1979 when guitar player magazine had a plan to build such a thing. it has 9 volt battery adapaters so that if you have a few mxr pedals from 1979, they will work on this setup. for those who have 9 volt power adapters of the more modern kind, they fit these, too. i got all sorts of stuff plugged in; mini amp, flanger (has ac), equalizer, compressor, fuzz, wah. love my gizmos. say good bye to batteries. this is very affordable, too, given the high number of effects it will supply. i could find nothing better on the market for the price and features. 5ok, i just got this mic in the mail a few hours ago. i did a little comparison to a pretty old sm57 that i've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. the pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound i would say they are damn near identical to my ear. i did the a/b test by mic'ing a guitar cab and recording a hi gain metal guitar riff trying my best to keep the mic's in the very same positions. i would recommend for sure. here's a link to an a/b comparison i did with an sm57. [...] 5the description says the color is gold.  it's not.  more of a greenish yellow, but does what it is intended for.  i think i would stick with the black color though. 3it hold my picks well, but some are to big for it and the tape/foam on the bottom looses the stick quickly. im neutral on this one. 3i just got done installing these. my three guitars and mandolin take up virtually no room in my small house anymore, my guitars are decorating the wall at the same time, and my guitars won't tip over either. not only was this the least expensive solution out there, but also the most space efficient (to keep my wife happy).i used the screws that came with the mounts and made sure that they went into a stud. you can usually find a stud by looking for a screw or nail that the drywallers didn't get covered with drywall mud. once you've found one screw, then your studs are either 16 or 24 inches apart. with the mounts screwed into wood studs, i don't see any way these are coming down. the mounts fit everything from my 12 string acoustic, to my heavy electric strat, to my mandolin beautifully.gotta love amazon. with so many options to choose from, you can come up with something great and inexpensive too. and the reviews give you an idea of what real consumers are experiencing with the product.btw, this seller really got these to me fast. this was a great buying experience. thanks displaygiftscom. 5this is just what i needed to get rid of three or four large ac adapters. great little kit for anyone with a pedal floor board. 4i'm a beginner, so i'm not very picky on the accessories yet. but this was a great package deal for this price. shipping was free, it arrived in under 1 week from ordering.pros:padded caselove the "backpack" featurehas many pocketsfits my takamine jasmine acoustic perfectpicks vary in size and shapestrap was easy to attachcons:strap is made from nylon and feels cheap (which it is, lol)some poor stitching in one area of the case (shoulder strap) exposing the padding, i restitched fairly easily. 4i'm primarily a guitarist, but i keep an inexpensive sx bass around for when i'm self-recording and whatnot.  since it isn't my primary instrument and i don't play bass live (well, not yet), it never made sense to invest in a bass amp.  i bought this to liven up the tone when recording, in the hope of removing some of the sterility of a bass plugged directly into a firewire interface.  it does the job; makes the sound warmer and more amp-like.honestly, if you've been doing some homework about this thing, you should know what to think of it.  behringer's build quality can be dubious sometimes, but overall their stuff produces sounds that should satisfy anyone who isn't a picky audiophile.  this box is no exception.  i've never personally played through a sansamp, but i would hazard a guess that if you know that's what you want, this won't satisfy you.  if you want something like a sansamp you could do a lot worse than venture the 30-some bucks on this little box.to my ears, it sounds quite good.  get it if it fills a need for you and you're broke.  knocked off a star for behringer's usual build quality, although mine hasn't broken from gentle use yet. 4got these as a gift for my 11 year old nephew, he loves them, the only problem is that his friends keep walking off with them. 5i gave this product 5 stars , simply because it did exactly what i bought it to do - reduce unwanted noise to my amp. you will have to play with the controls to get the exact settings where its not clipping your sustained notes off before you want it to. it doesn't cut noise while your playing , but when your not it comes on a kills the noise. there are two lights on the pedal, one for the on and off and the other comes on when the pedal is working and reducing noise. if you have it set to high or to sensitive , it will not recognize the end of your sustained note and noise . so play with it and find your personal setting because i'm sure every guitar and pedal board are unique in the sounds that start with your guitar and go through your pedal chain and out your amp. the nr300 works and as soon as you understand how it will do the best job for you , you will be happy with it. oh, and if you switch it to mute, it works as an on and off switch.. you also can not beat the price---- 5this is my 6th kyser capo.  this one for my new ovation 12 string cc245 is what i needed.  i always recommend all kyser capos.they last forever and do not lose the strong holds. 5if you need some 6" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. these cables are perfect. they deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. what more could you ask for?! 5i just started learning the banjo and the picks are worth it. they really help me out and they are a cheap price. 5they are cheap and look good.  they also have a nice full sound and are holding up well.  highly recommended. 5have not had the chance to stick it to my guitar. so it is just used as a pick holder so my picks have some places to go. can hold up to 11 picks of .50 thickness. i use tortex guitar pick of that thickness. 4gorgeous strapped to my son's martin acoustic guitar. he loves it. it's pretty without distracting from the guitar itself. very well made and durable. i've even been able to clean it easily with a soft brush and water. the leather is a bit stiff, but it broke in in no time. this will last a very long time. 5downgrade to 1-o star after returning it back to brookmays, the seller:i am really disappointed by the seller, brookmays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective cherbub guitar pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  after two weeks of the returned item was delivered, i didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so i emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  too bad, four days after the email had been sent, i only got the email of telling me the case# of the message i sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and i don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money i spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. therefore, yesterday, i emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to amazon about the bad after-sale service i ever have before if i still haven't heard from the seller shorty.today, i finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, "it was not defective. all pickups are going to get unwanted noise if you move the guitar. the feedback can be to to many other issues. i have issued the refund of $7.04."  obviously, the reply is unconvincing; although the feedback can be raised from varies issues, i have tried with another pickup to the same directions and setups, but it doesn't have such problems at all.  the fact is not all pickups get unwanted noise although i didn't try many pickups.  cherub guitar pickup doesn't work as the product description to pickup the original tones of the instrument regardless the surrounding noises.  moreover, the unwanted loud noise from its wire movements is really annoying, and there's no way to stop the wire movements while strumming. indeed, i won't use it, and i don't want it to sit at my house as a useless property, so returning back to the seller may help to improve the issues it has.  however, the hassles i got from the seller is totally unexpected and it's not worth at all.by the way, i'm also unhappy about the refund of &7.04, i bought it for $8.79 along with amazon free shipping of the purchase of $25 or more.  to me, it is not the money of $1.75, but it's not fair to the buyer, who doesn't get the right service and quality from the purchase but only wastes the times and money on this matter. so if you really need a pickup for your instrument, i highly recommend you to spend few more dollars to get a much better and reliable one. don't make the same mistake as i did to try this one because of the cheap price, in turn, you may get more hassles than you expect on such cheap merchandise.  i don't want that happens to anyone else, so i decided to tell you what i went through to keep you from the possible hassles before betting on it.2 stars for the 1st review after using it twice:i like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description "regardless the surrounding noises."  i have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  one more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that i use, and i have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. however, when i switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  i don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup i got ... i bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, i can't accept the noises and i have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. so, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, brookmays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. good luck then! 1i keep ordering more of these picks.  i love the rubber grip and the mediums are just the right thickness for me.  great product! 5no string expert here but these work great,  they stay in tune like i can't even believe,  actually thought someone was tuning my guitar it stays in tune so long. 5strings are so subjective and perform so differently depending on the instrument, i have a hard time reviewing them. i have them on an older mim p bass and am quickly falling in love with them. i tried ghs flats on this bass previously- about all i can say is meh (too rough - they feel more like half rounds, just not the right tone on this particular instrument). i've got another p bass (fretless) with labella jamerson's on it (which are still my favorite flats), but these are a close second. add to that they're half the price of the labella's, and we've got an easy winner. they're silky smooth, and probably more versatile than the labella's as there's plenty of top end for a wide variety of styles and music. my tone knob has never been more useful! 5i had been using 12's on my s35 takamine and they were over powering the chassis with vibration. the result was poor sound. switching to these 10's made a huge difference in tone. it took a bit to get used to the lightness but now i will stick with them on this guitar. they are also easy to do bends which i like alot. i have never broke a d'addario acoustic string. 5i needed some little, easy, and portable guitar stands for the stage.  this does it perfectly, well.  while being light and portable. 5these are high quality thick guitar picks. the colors are great. unfortunately i would have expected a little better packaging. i know the company is trying to save money, but having them in a tiny plastic bag and tapped to a piece of paper in the envelope was a little less exciting to receive. almost didn't know what it was because of this. just seemed like a bunch of advertisements and mail. 4since they are light strings they are easier to press down and easier to bend which really helps me because i'm a beginner and don't have much calais yet. also i like the first day of new strings look shiny! i would recommend this to any beginner. 5the planet waves classic series instrument cable, 5 feet is a very well pro made cable that has always been exactly what i needed. 5i have an electro acoustic martin (second hand but without a scratch). i got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.i have installed a set (i got 8) and it sounds really good. not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.recomended 5i am a confessed and unrepentant hoarder of dirtboxes and i like this pedal a lot.  this is my 5th joyo pedal- i already own the ultimate drive, vintage overdrive, crunch distortion, and octive fuzz pedals.  i consider joyo and the dano cool cat line to be some of the best values in stomp-boxes these days.  you've already heard the particulars about this pedal, so i won't go into the features.  the build quality does appear to be a hair shoddier than all my other joyo pedals (which are earlier versions).  the switch seems a little less heavy-duty, and the case seems to be thinner metal.  that said, the case is still metal and isn't going to fail in any way.  the switch- well, we will have to wait and see.  for $35 or so, i'm not going to complain.  soundwise, this product offers excellent gain for this price level.  it's not particularly suited for pantera, but you can do modern mid-gain up to metallica without any problems.  this is not an overdrive, so it doesn't do the 'just on the verge of breakup' thing like a tubescreamer does.  that's not what it was designed to do.  i run it into a cleanish tube amp and it sounds very good.  i've also boosted it with the following with a good result:  sd pickup booster, cool cat transparent overdrive, tubescreamer (ts9,joyo vintage od, behringer to800), tech 21 comptortion.  if you play rock/ hard rock through a single channel amp (like a blues jr, valve jr or pro jr) and you want to make it a two channel amp, this will get you there. most people compare this pedal to the suhr riot.  i do not own that pedal, so i can not fairly make a comparison.  i have seen several videos comparing the two and as far as that is concerned, i hear enough similarity that i am not compelled to shell out $200 for the riot. another comparison that gets made is that the us dream is close to a proco rat.  i own an original 80s rat and i don't think they are all that similar.  the us dream has a tighter low end and more treble.  not better or worse- just different enough that they don't completely cover the same sonic territory.  admitedly, i don't own a newer rat-  maybe that one is closer to the us dream.  for what they are charging, this is another home run for joyo- 5this thing is awesome. it doesn't take up a lot of room and has a tone of options for connections....and it's way cheaper than a power box 5my experience with crybaby is it has a great tone.  more overbearing than the vox or cleaner wahs.  but i know several people who have had problems with the switch, and i have watched countless others stomping on their crybaby in futile attempts to engage or disengage the pedal.i actually use a bbe and vox since this frustration with my 1st wah.  but i am not sure that i am giving up tone in exchange for the headache avoidance!  i kinda think i am.  the vox and bbe seem to have a brighter sound which is less "wah-ed" if you will.  it could be accentuated by me playing a strat instead of the les paul custom/boogie combination i used with the crybaby. 4straps don't get any better than this.  super leather, very well put-together.  perhaps a bit wide, but i play short sets.  for the gigging pro, i think the width is an advantage in spreading out the weight.  excellent, just excellent. 5i also own an olympus ls-10.  this gives me the same recording ability 96/24 but it is much less expensive.  you do get the ability to record with four channels which i am dying to try once i get my hands on 5.1 encoding software.  also nice and not included with other brands, a tripod to hold the unit, a handle to use the unit like a microphone, charger, and earbuds.some have noted the zoom doesn't have speakers built in.  if you truly want to monitor quality those tinny little built in speakers are not going to cut it.  you need monitors or quality headphones.  i find that inner ear monitors work best in noisy environments.as i said in the title there is a tradeoff in terms of material.  olympus does seem to have more robust casing and controls.  this may be a big issue if you don't treat your equipment carefully.  time will tell, but i have no doubt that this zoom unit is a solid product especially for the money.i am also looking at the zoom h1 which will come out in sept. 2010.  this product may actually be the ls-10 killer. 4i already use the exl111 as my go-to electric string and tried these as part of the vine program.  i have to say i really couldn't feel the difference.  from what i can see the only real difference in this balanced set is that the d string gauge is .25, whereas the same string in the exl111 set is .24.  since the string construction and plating is the same, i have to assume these will have the same longevity. i guess as long as both are still available (exl111 being phased out?) i will be selecting solely on price.  either way you can't go wrong as d'addario makes a fine product at a reasonable price. 5i like the sound of this pedal and the ability to get the right over drive sound i want. i've used it with my reissue 70's fender strat plugged into my 1968 vintage marshal 50 watt head and a slanted 4 cab. love the sound. i am also using this pedal with my ibanez gb 10 arch top jazz guitar and i am amazed with how good of an over drive i can get!! i've also owned a tube screamer, but i like this one better!! 5this tuner requies an excellent ear although there is a green light o indicte a true tune.it is good deal for the money 3i wanted the version of this device with the built-in microphone to be able to check my singing accuracy as well as to tune my guitar. maybe i should just change the guitar pitch to my off-pitch singing and i could finally achieve perfect harmony! i like everything about it especially (i think) it's ability to turn itself off after use if you forget to do so and save the battery life. a well designed device. 5i really like the foot-switch. seems well made for the price and works as advertised. i just needed something to change channels on my fender super champ xd. 4i bought this case for my rogue a-style electric mandolin.the inside is nicely lined; the hardware is solid.it came at a great low price but it does not feel cheap.i recommend this to anyone with an a-style mandolin.jafmusicmix 5it's hard to really describe what this pedal does-  it doesn't distort, flange, echo, or produce a chorus.  i'd heard it described as making your amp sound like someone had thrown a blanket off of it.  and because words don't do an accurate job in describing it, i would have probably never pulled the trigger on one (even though they are pretty cheap as pedals go).  as luck would have it, i acquired one on trade, and i have to admit that i agree with the whole blanket euphemism.  this stompbox helps correct the boxy sound of my blues jr. when placed at the end of my pedaltrain- right before i run into the amp. i don't feel it needs to be run on a dedicated effects loop to improve an amp's tone, though i do believe it works even better in a loop.  i placed it in the effects loop of both a palomino v8 (usa/ampeg made) and a crate vc508 (a 5 watt usa made el84 tube amp with celestian speaker) and it was transformative to both amps' tone (in a great way). it does very well with single coils.  it's a pedal that i would leave on all the time once my tone is dialed in.  i don't think it works as well when i run my lp into a jet city combo - particularly when trying to coax out subtle textures / harmonics. that amp also lacks an effects loop and i imagine it would have a different effect if placed after the preamp phase.  i guess it's rig dependent, but it's a keeper for what it does to the sound of my fender. 4not much to say about this one.  it's a genuine fender trem cover, and it will do its job well. 5i had just purchased a polytune about 6 months to 1 year ago, and was a little annoyed when i saw ads for the polytune 2.  mine was still brand new to me and worked really well.  but after reading and watching about the improvements in this update i decided to take the hit, sell mine for a loss of $20 and get the new one.  a great choice.  this polytune 2 is amazing - bright, accurate (strobe option), well built...did i say bright?...improved foot switch... it's just another example of tc hitting it out of the park yet again.  highly recommend getting one of these, you know, unless you want to grab a 1st gen for a deal... ;) 5i love these strings they are a little more mellow than most mando strings so they sit in the mix and let the guitars cut though a little more. i'm hoping they last a while! 5these are solid, good build quality and really do get the job done well.easily adjustable, versatile in design and function, get em! 5i didn't want to spend too much $$ for a guitar that i wasn't sure if i would like it or not. there were a few at the local music store but 3 times the price. they were good quality and if this didn't work out then i would have probably gone that route. to my surprise, this guitar exceeds all my expectations for an acoustic guitar. the only downfall was that the frets were sharp on the one side of the guitar. the local shop only charged me $5 to shave them down. i replaced the strings right away. i'm completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it. definitely worth the price you pay. 5i honestly don't see the purpose.  it doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar.  i've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit.edit 5/30/13:after coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened:  this was shipped to me completely dry.  there was no grease/lubricant qualities.  it was like a dry erase pad.  they need to improve their quality control.  i'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star.  they have to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.i would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out. 1this real leather strap is nice the price is evan better the only thing i should warm if your a extra large person or you have a beer belly then this strap will not fit you 5i can't really say anything negative about this set of nylon strings.it sounds really good on my classical guitar. will buy it again in the future. 5these daddario exl110 strings are light, responsive and make my gibson guitar sound great.  they work great. why use anything else? 5not quite as good as the red all instrument snark, but it gets the job done and the price is right. 4these strap pins are fantastic. they securely hold the strap on your guitar very nicely. the oval shape is perfect. there is no need for proprietary or expensive "strap locks". they are easy to install. these elliptical pins are great. terrific yet simple concept. they also look great! i highly recommend these to anyone who has a guitar. i will never use strap locks again after trying these. great value. 5i paid only $29 and it is small and convenient. i was impressed with the sound.at first i played it with my line 6 15 watt amp. i didn't like it cause of the squealing. but then i read how you use it and all that. boy! it worked great.i use it with a tascam us 100 usb plugin to my computer and i get a good sound for practice.i still like my line 6 amp though for more sounds and sustain. but this is a bargain and small.you can use this with any usb audio interface.if you like ac/dc you would like this. there are different amp sounds you can get.cheap and convenient i'am not disappointed.my opinion is that it sounds best with a usb guitar audio device such as tascams us 100. 5for the money, i doubt you can beat these microphones. i just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. so far, so good. i will say that the first shipment had a bad mic, but amazon replaced it for free and paid for re-shipping, so i am happy about that. 4all tuners like this are going to be a little "jumpy", none of them are perfect.  this does the job perfectly once you get the hang of it.the korg pitchblack was a little out of my price range, so the ga40 is working perfect for now.  overall this is a fair priced tuner from a reputable brand... five stars. 5dunlop 5005 pick holder, this is very handled, always forget were my pick got off too, now i know my picks is in the holder. 5i was not happy with the sound of these strings. the ead steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon gbe strings sound tinny. for an extra $2 i bought the d'addario ej45 pro arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old yamaha g-60.  spend the extra $2 its well worth it. 2i have had other string winders, but this had the string cutter on it too. it is awesome. i broke a string on stage and instead of having a big floppy string, with just a quick squeeze it looked good. highly reccomended 5i am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...first the positives:- looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice pricenow the significant disappointment:- inaccuratethe settings were on a-440 but every time i tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... i tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... i have used the old planet waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since d'addario now owns planet waves products, they have discontinued the tuner i like and only offer the ns mini tuner (it has its place i guess, but i much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision imo) ...i haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now i will keep using my old planet waves models ...bottom line, no matter how nice the snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard a-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ... 1these strings are best suited for strats if you want to keep those easy to bend leads but have a little bit more tone. they're also quite good on les paul style guitars if you like slinky strings. my issue with them is that the b string and the a string are a bit unbalanced with respect to the others. i would prefer if the b string were 0.012 instead of 0.0115 and if the a were 0.032 instead of 0.034. as such, i prefer to buy the strings individually and customize my own set that way. but if you're not too picky, this will suit you very well. 4i've used gls products before and they are good quality for a fair price. their microphones do a great job for little cost. i've been impressed. these cables didn't disappoint me, either. don't judge their products on price alone. try them first. you will be pleased and your bank account will thank you. 5originally i purchased a behringer eq700 equalizer pedal for my rig. it was cheap at around $20+ some change but like the other reviewers noted, it's noisy with hiss. so i took the advice of another reviewer & bought the fish & chips model by danaelectro and it's terrific.i plugged it directly in line on my skb pedal board, turned them both on, turned on the amp, put it on clean then distortion channels while cranking up the volume to max & no discernible hiss nor hum. mind you this is not a boutique pedal so there is a tiny bit of noise at full volume but not to the point it is noticeable.this pedal has a cool 1950's style & appearance. it has a great punch when you raise up the level and the tone selections are great to help model various guitar & amp sounds. for a modifying pedal, you cannot go wrong for the $30 price tag. if you're in the market for a great 7 band eq pedal, then you'll be hard pressed to find one for the price of this one.this product rates 5 out of 5 possible stars. 5the strings definitely have a good tone, though i've got them on a low-end mandolin. they may be more than the mando needs. but they sound great! 5thanks for the prompt and good service. these are a quality product and really enhance my guitar and i am very happy with them thanks !!! 5i was upgrading all the chrome on a mim and put this on.  looks better than the plain one.  includes the screws. 5i have been using dunlop picks for a long time. good feel, grip and not too heavy or thick. good deal. 5yes this ie every bit as good as the shure sm 58 but you don't get the cool pouch. the 57 version is also like its shure counterpart. great sound and great deal. (yes i am a musician too) 5i'm not sure how much i can say about a mute. it's easy to put on and take off, and it does its job. it mutes the violin to a reasonable level.  i used an spl meter at a distance where a sustained open g string gave a reading of about +2db. with the mute, it dropped to -6db. i then tried a yamaha silent electric violin (unplugged) and from the same distance, it barely registered. i recalibrated the meter so the muted acoustic violin read about 1db, and the yamaha read about -6db at that distance and setting.so it won't make your instrument completely silent, and from a purely subjective perspective, it seemed to bring things closer to the silent violin, perhaps seeming about 10 to 20% louder had i not measured it.with accessories, tonal quality is typically important. but with a mute, you expect it to deteriorate. surprisingly, there was still a lot of tone left, especially compared to the unplugged electric, yet there were no buzzes or other horrible artifacts introduced.you can't expect this to give great sound or complete silence, but it won't disturb the neighbors or their dogs, and it won't make the instrument sound dead. this is about 15 times cheaper than the cheapest silent violin, and the latter will probably sound worse. it's not the ultimate solution for quietness but it lets you stick to your instrument of choice. 4i've been playing for over 30 years and now have three different electronic tuners, so i'm a good judge of the snark:pros:  it's chromatic so it's good for every tuning job; no need to plug it into your jack; ambient noise doesn't affect it; great sharp, colorful display; reacts quickly; small enough to fit easily in my case; cool blue color; built-in metronome; powers down automatically to save the battery; transposes up to four steps if you're using a capo; will even identify major chords.cons:  works better on acoustics and semi-hollows than on solid bodied guitars; made me realize that three of my strings need intonating (or is that a pro?); metronome is visual only; manual says that long-term use of the clip in one spot can damage some guitars' finishes; big blue thing on your guitar looks weird.now that i have the snark i have officially retired my other two tuners.  this is easier to use, easier to carry around, you don't have to unplug from your amp, it works on acoustic or electric, and it's chromatic.  and it's cheap.  definitely recommended. 5i've tried so many other strings over the years just to see if i was missing something. i wasn't. there's something about the feel and tone of ernie ball regular slinkys that i absolutely love. my local music store has 3 for the price of 2 deal on strings, which is a nice deal; however, this deal is a little sweeter. if you can wait for the delivery, it's a no brainer. 5i put these on my instruments with the confidence that they will sound as expected each time. great strings and great value 5they upgraded my 72 tele deluxe, they fit perfectly yet you have to push really hard on the finish at the headstock for it to go in without opening any holes on the wood. 5the intelli imt-500--the tuner that killed the intellitouch!there are scores of chromatic tuners on the market.  most work by using a small built-in microphone that picks up sound waves.  in order to be used effectively, the tuning space must be relatively quiet.  many of these tuners have input jacks that allow electric guitars to be connected directly and tuned by the electronic signal they produce. a bunch of years ago a variety of clip-on-microphones began to be marketed.  the microphone could be clipped to any instrument and its cord attach to an electronic tuner.  now, anyone could tune an instrument no matter what the background noise.then, the intellitouch tuner hit the market.  the entire tuner clipped onto the instrument.  one could tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment.  there was no cord to deal with and the instrument could stay clipped to the headstock or quickly removed and slid into a pocket or case.  talk about convenience.  jams and festivals (bluegrass, folk, whatever) became seas of intellitouch tuners.intellitouch owned the market even though there were so many situations where they did not work well. in particular, they have trouble with the bass notes of dreadnought sized guitars. the more overtones an instrument produces, the worse the tuner behaves. the bass string of a martin rosewood dreadnought was near impossible to tune without using one of the many workarounds that owners developed.  so, it was very much a love-hate relationship.  the shortcomings were huge, but the convenience meant that they were tolerated.then, came the intelli.  it was an intellitouch that worked, if not perfectly, then a whole lot better.  the amazing thing is that the switch from intellitouch to intelli wasn't gradual.  within six months of its introduction, jams and festivals became seas of intelli tuners.  people were throwing their intellitouches into drawers (if they weren't lucky enough to find a die hard holdout willing to buy one second-hand) to get the intelli.  that's a considerable investment to abandon.  but, why not?  the intelli is half the price of the intellitouch and works a whole lot better.  they are so inexpensive that it's easy to justify getting one for the practice area and one for the case so that you don't have to worry about forgetting to pack it.anyone who will ever have to tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment will quickly find this tuner indispensable.  and it works darn well in a quiet environment, too!highly recommended! 5to everyone who plays flat-picking guitar, i'm sure you all have your own choice of pick....do you even remember why you picked the style you use!? somehow, i started out with fender thins and here i remain! 5when i was looking for a bass case i just wanted something that was not too expensive and would protect my bass. this fits the bill perfectly. it's not really a case that is meant for heavy travel (like checking it a the airport) but it definitely will take good care of your bass during normal travel. and the internal compartment is really nice for storing straps, cables, strings, etc. for the price this is an excellent case. 4just as good as any 20' xlr out there.considering i spent $6.00 for it,it rules! will buy more when needed. 5it is strange how few fingerboard lubrication products there are that work well and don't build up, stink, or cost too much.i use this on all my household's guitars and basses. works excellently, application from this bottle is good though occasionally needs a stir and shake to get more lubricant on the applicator. 5i really like this foot controller because you don't have to reach to the amp all the time to change channels. i wish i had the big usb cable but i can't find it in walmart. this paddle used to make this annoying clicking sound but it's gone now. anyway, this thing is nice if you're too lazy to reach to the  amp to change channels. i think the product should have been around $70-80. 4i like the planet waves instrument cables. the cable material is very bendable and easy to work with. great so far. 5i tried this at the store.  it looks like it would protect a guitar, but the latches are kind of large and clumsy.  the interior was nothing special either.  i passed. 3this brush is used to remove static electricity and light dust from records before each playing. this is not a deep cleaning, dust or dirt removal brush; it is a compliment to record cleaning solutions like this excellent liquid cleaner by last (last pc power cleaner 3/4 oz.).the brush is super simple to use, with the album on your turntable, hold it at roughly a ninety degree angle for about two revolutions, and then sweep it off the lp. no fuss, no muss, no fooling around. never touch the carbon fiber with your fingers. when there is visible dust on the fibers, give the brush a good flick by rotating the handle across the fibers. after each use, rotate the handle around to cover the fibers. if you press the brush too hard against the album, or do the deep dive sharp angle trick, fibers will be broken off the brush. just press lightly against the rotating lp, sweep the brush off the lp, and all will be wonderful with this brush.this brush is sold under many different brand names, clearaudio, audioquest, and thorens.the brush comes with no instructions for use, an odd omission. maybe there is an assumption that the brush is so easy to use, instructions would be redundant.audiophile or not, this brush is a must have for anyone that still loves analog recordings. 5i have a few shure sm58s which cost more.  i like the open sound of the pg48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the sm58s.  i like this mic ok but the sm58 is worth the extra money i think, especially if you expect to push its capability. 4this is not a pick for windmilling guitarists.  this is a pick for the precision player.  it's really small--noticeably smaller than the red jazz iii picks.  with large fingers like mine, it almost disappears.  but the aggressive grip pattern keeps the pick right where you want it.  it's a very stiff pick, with just enough give to keep from sawing your strings off.the picks are first-rate.  based on my previous experience with dunlop picks, this 6-pack will last me for years.  i'm inclined to lose a few along the way, just so i can give dunlop some repeat business. 5first the goods: sturdy leather construction just cant be beat. the color is spot on with the pictures shown.the bads: it's a bit short, i have it on acoustic guitar that the forward mount is the &#34;shoe lace around the head stock&#34; method, i had to max this strap out to make the span. i'm a bigger guy, so a smaller person shouldn't have this problem. then there's the whole friction of suede on clothing thing i hadn't considered. it drags and pulls your shirt really bad, making it a bit of a pain to get the guitar on a positioned where you want it to hang. that problem is not specific to this strap, but the material its made out of. it's high quality, but i didn't consider it trying to pull my shirt off. if had to do over again, i'd pass. 3these picks play about like a regular triangular pick, the rounded ears may be more practical for some players.  they stand out because everyone loves the idea of them.  i would definitely recommend any serious player own one pack of these, and carry one around because they always get a good laugh. 5i have a real problem with these patch cables.  i got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  most problematic is the connection between my ehx memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust. 1these are my favorite guitar strings! they are very long-lasting and sound great!i would recommend these for anyone, beginners or even people who play seriously or perform. they are very good strings, worth the cost! :] 5this strap works fine on my fender strat.  it is reasonably comfortable.  i was disappointed in that it does not fit the pegs of my zager acoustic.  otherwise,  it works for a lower priced leather guitar strap. 4i bought this since i am a new guitar player...it does hit the frets but doesn't seem to do any damage...pretty easy to use.the only oddity i have is that the box was kind of open already when i bougt it new.does the job. 4i collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and that's because i'm trying to see how & where i can use a new pick. my first pick was a shark fin and i loved all of the ways you could hit the strings with those picks. now we have the beehold picks.what i like about this pick is the 'stinger' or the longer point to hit the strings with. sure the octagon hole in the center makes it less of a challenge to hold on to but that's not been much of a hindrance to me. rather this pick's design makes it easier for my holding hand to hit the strings without my palm's fleshy part accidentally touching the strings.i found running leads & scales with this pick to be a delight! i like heavier picks so i chose the 1.00 mm as that was the size i started off with from my first guitar teacher who recommended heavy picks. i've found this pick to be great for strumming & rhythm patterns equally as well as for serious lead playing.another thing is that with the design, i've found that i need not squeeze this pick as hard as i have to like i do with a tortex pick and that makes playing so much more fun.overall i give this pick 5 out of 5 stars & will be using these for many years to come. 5i went with this over road runner because of the pouch designs which i like better because they are square. unfortunately i think the roadrunner is better quality, thicker material. 4i love this tuner. i feel its more accurate that the old one i have that was given to me. i will always buy snark tuners. they are very sensitive so i feel that my instrument is in truer tune. 5replaced my old bridge assembly with this new one and it really brought the strat back to life in terms of looks and feel. also this was priced right in my opinion.... 5works just as it should, love it and a great price to boot 4the capo looks nice and works without any problem.  you can tell it is a cheaper model because the action is stiff.  but the build is solid, and it looks like it will last for a long time. 4i actually wasn't aware of this gauge of string until i purchased a guitar from the great george lynch. the strings felt different than the 9s i use on my fenders and the 10s i use on my gibsons. so the next time i saw george, i asked him what strings he put on that guitar and he told me d'addario 9.5s. i love them on my mr scary guitars burnt tiger and that is the only brand/gauge of string that i will ever put on that guitar! i definitely recommend trying out a set. 5this is a very comfortable strap.  because it is cotton, this strap is more flexible than many nylon straps.  it fits the guitar perfect, and is easy to adjust.  well made, and you can't beat the price. 5i love this guitar strap button. it's a great alternative to the invasive buttons that have to be screwed in. i actually purchased it for my newmahalo u-35pk sparkling soprano ukulele outfit in pink. it works well for it's stated purpose and appears to be of high quality. the leather is nice and soft and the button fits snuggly into the leather hole. check out my user name stinkylungs on youtube to see a video i made of me installing it on my new uke if you want to see it up close. 5i was pretty happy with them when i got them and finally used them and will likely pick up more once i need them. 4the ebow is a crazy concept. it's fun to use and also very challenging. it comes with a book that had many variations on how to use it, which was nice. comes with a velvet pouch and dvd. it's a little pricey now i assume from supply and demand but if you've got the extra cash and play every day, pick this up. also, i played in a band and we did miserlou and the other guitar player played the trumpet part with an ebow. i don't know how he did it or what setting his amp was on, but it sound like there was a trumpet in the room. he clearly, was good with an ebow. goes to show how diverse they are. 5bought these strings as a replacement to ones that came with my ukulele (the originals only lasted a week).  these d'addario's have worn quite well and still sound excellent.  great strings! 5really perfect as advertised.  experienced player might have other choices, but for me, it was easy to use and exactly met its purpose. 5these fender 10 foot guitar cables are by far the best bang for your buck!every part of these cables are quality. 5i absolutely love these picks. grips really well in your hand, plays like a dream. i just wish more came in the pack. i would highly recommend these to anyone if they want some great picks. 5i love the snark tuners, and i own several different models.  they all work great and of the various models, i prefer the sn-2 (red).  i got the white one because i just liked that it was a unique, amazon-only model.  the sn-13 display is like the display on the sn-8, and offers lower resolution than the sn-1/sn-2/sn-5 displays.  still it works beautifully, and the glossy white looks nice clipped on my pearl white apx700.  its also easy to find should you drop it in the dark. 5haven't used it yet but if it's like the other cables i have from the same company, it should work fine. 4this device works.  here's what it does.  you plug an electric bass into the pedal's instrument input and then you can plug a second standard instrument cable into the pedal's high impedance output jack and then plug that one into a bass amp.  you also can connect it to a low impedance microphone preamp via the 200 ohm low impedance xlr jack out.  you can use just the high-impedance output or just the xlr output or you can use them both simultaneously.  when the "footswitch" is off it functions transparently with no tonal modification at all just like a direct box.  when the "footswitch" is on an led light activates and the tonal boost and tube emulation functions are on.  i put "footswitch" in quotes because i use fingers to push it, but leave it on all the time for my personal purpose.  when you insert a plug into the instrument input jack the unit powers on, so if running on battery be sure to unplug the input when not actually using it.some other functional comments about it.  it runs on 9 volt batteries or a 9-volt power supply. i used batteries for a while but switched to an ac adapter.  battery life isn't super but satisfactory.  still if using it a lot, i suggest using an ac adapter.  when the battery starts going it sounds awful, but you could put it into bypass mode to finish the set.  also when the "footswitch" is off and the led is not lit, this thing functions as a straight xlr ouput direct box for anything you plug into it.  you could patch the output of an acoustic electric guitar or the output of an electric guitar pedal board to it and use that to feed a mixer for recording direct which is a very handy feature for the home recording hobbyist!  the amp emulation and tone controls are wrong for anything other than electric bass, so just use it as a direct box with the tone/emulation circuit off for anything except bass.the controls are all rotary knobs except the ground-lift switch which is a slide switch. the controls left to right, top row to second row are:  drive, treble, bass, level, presence, ground lift slide switch and blend.taking each control one at a time to understand what they do is important because they are not all logically placed.  the drive knob adjusts the amount of gain similar to cranking the input stage control of the tube preamp and here is where you can get something like the tonal thickness (or edge) of overdriven tube tone.  basically this part of the circuit injects variable harmonics and some of the more pleasing distortion out there for this purpose.  there is no active/passive pad switch or extra active input jack on this pedal so if you have an active bass then you will not have to turn the drive knob up as much to get the tone you want.  the treble knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of upper frequency tones.  the bass knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of the lower frequencies.  12 o'clock is flat (or zero db boost or cut) on both the treble and bass knobs. the level knob is the master volume control and all it does is control the output volume with no tonal coloration.  the presence knob boosts the upper frequency range harmonic content for more attack in your tone.  the presence knob isn't a midrange control, but does boost the upper mids.  the ground lift switch only effects the xlr output jack and it should be left "off" unless you hook it up and there is hum.  then you can turn the ground lift "on" and it might help eliminate the hum issue.  however it is better from a safety standpoint to remedy this by eliminating the electrical ground loop conflict that is causing the hum.  the blend knob controls the amount of tube emulation injected into the pedal's output with all the way to the left being none, 12 o'clock being 50% and all the way clockwise being 100%.cons:  very little bass gear, or anything else, is "perfect" these days.  behringer gear has more build issues in general across most of their product line because using chinese parts and labor is how they keep costs down.  designed in germany but built in china means you get chinese components and chinese build quality while the specs look pretty enticing.  for example at the first battery change the battery clip self-destructed as part of the clip's terminal stayed stuck to the battery having pulled completely out of the clip.  this was a duracell battery, the standard for pedal batteries.  went to radio shack and got replacement battery clips and fixed it with a new clip by soldering wires from the new clip to the stripped wires cut away from the old clip and taping up the solder joint.  i've never used this as a stompbox because the switch looks like it will break if you lean on it hard.  construction is all plastic. the casing is very durable but based on previous experience with plastic switches on stomp boxes i know not to use my size 13-d foot on it.  the treble and presence knobs on mine will generate hiss and noise when set very high which may not be noticeable at all on a vintage type bass amp with no tweeter but becomes glaring when using a full range amp and cabinet or when using the xlr output for recording or a pa feed.  basically i set the treble and presence to the point where i hear hiss start, then back off until it goes completely away because that is the functional limit.  hiss is no issue in bypass mode because the preamp is off.  the jacks, other than the xlr, are the plastic box jacks that are soldered direct to the circuit board of the pedal, these type jacks are noted for causing problems, especially after rough use so take it easy with them and they should last a very long time.  this unit lacks any dedicated midrange knob but the presence knob does seem to boost upper mids and treble simultaneously.  some people who use this pedal as a stage-tool use it as a solo or "scoop" switch for slap & tap solos so the presence, bass and treble boost are basically all you need for a solo switch anyway.pros:  first and foremost the price is almost too good to be true when you consider the price for anything else with similar features, but keep in mind that it has durability issues so be gentle with it and it will last indefinitely.  this isn't a tech 21 nyc bass driver by any means, but works in a similar fashion to one.  i have a tech 21 bass driver deluxe that i use at gigs.  the tech 21 sounds better but costs about eight times what the behringer cost.  i use the behringer at home and save that wear on my pedal board at home.  if i didn't have the tech 21 unit i might take this unit to gigs, but it probably will last way longer the way i keep it setup at home all the time.  i especially like this unit when used with small rehearsal/practice type combos.  many of these smaller combos have passive type tone circuits that basically are at flat when the tone is cranked wide open and this device really makes these little amps sound more serious.  part of the beauty of an active bass is the tone boost capability you don't get in a passive bass and if you have a passive bass this can make it sound more like an active bass with the treble and bass boost in front of the amp.  it is also useful for boosting a signal in front of a longer cable run to the backline, say anything over about 18 feet.  for recording the xlr direct out is very useful and the xlr direct out can also be used to feed the pa at a gig if your amp doesn't have a xlr direct out.how i use this device:  i have my bass guitar plugged into the input and use the xlr output to connect it to a microphone mixer.  the output from microphone mixer is patched into a turtle beach santa cruz soundcard in an xp computer. i can then record using the computer's recording software, practice solo or i can play along to recorded music using headphones.  with headphones i can play as loud as i want anytime that i want without disturbing anyone.  most computer speakers are very inadequate for electric bass, so i recommend headphones instead of your typical desktop computer speakers.  you can buy better computer speakers that are capable, but they will cost about the same or actually more than a decent bass guitar practice combo amp.  quality headphones cost far less than quality powered computer speakers that are bass guitar capable.having owned this pedal for about 4 years and knowing what i know about it, i would buy it again.  i would strongly recommend it as a home recording/practice tool but my recommendation as a stage tool is not as strong.  for home use it is fine.  you can use it at gigs but i'd be saving up "gig bones" to buy something more durable with better performance. 3ok - i like this one a lot.  it stays on the instrument and allows for a quick tune up at anytime.  it is accurate, easy to see and use and does not get in the way while playing.  it sure beats the other units i have used where you clamp on some weird thing, tune up and then stash back in your gig bag.this one is... bing! - on, tune and back to playing.  it weighs next to nothing so you do not even notice it unless you are tuning up. 5hold a tune very well, and sound good. the seem to have a bit less tension than other brands strings of the same gauge, but thats ok.if you dont wipe them off after playing, they wont last long. but i always do, and i change strings often, so that isnt an issue for me.overall, some of the best strings available. 4this capo will do the job, if you can squeeze it open.  i'm hoping that leaving it on the headstock will lessen the spring tension. it is all i can do to open and place this on the guitar.  i cannot do it with one hand. 3attach one of these to your guitar with the included adhesive strip, and you'll always have a spare pick at the ready. 5after reading a bunch of reviews about this product, i was not sure about buying it , but i give it a try and i am completely satisfy, it doesn't ad noise to my pedal chain, i use it with a radioshack power supply 9v 2.5 a , and a can tell that not a sound came from electric issues.i'm not saying that it is better than a voodoo lab power brick , but for me work perfect and i don't see why not taking it out for gigs. 5i liked the strap, used it for many years and it held up great. the texture almost looks fake though. 4i couldn't be happier with my choice to buy this product over the many others listed on amazon. this was a newly listed item on amazon when i bought it, (in fact this review will be the first), so i was a little apprehensive about choosing something that had no user feedback, but i'm glad i decided on this item.i wanted something with several storage compartments, so i could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. this bag has six separate compartments for storage - three main zipped compartments, each also with a zipped pocket for smaller items. perfect! i also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that i don't currently require as i already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now.the padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. the two built in "back-pack" straps will certainly be useful when traveling with other luggage, and the case also comes with grip sized carry handles both on the front and the side ensuring the guitar can be carried however a user wishes to.if you are in the market for a guitar bag and don't want to spend a fortune, i would definitely recommend you consider this item. it is perfect for my requirements, and may well be for yours too. 5in our acoustic guitar band, i often play intros and solos heavily amped, but when the rest of the band members come in, my strumming overpowers the rest.  so i needed a way to throttle back to either nothing or slightly amplified in between intros and solos then apply full power as needed.  this volume control foot pedal works exactly as described.  also, i had an extra 12 volt netgear router wall wart that saves battery life during practice (i use the battery during gigs).  despite some comments i've seen, the battery is extremely easy to change - no problem at all!  the device does reduce some of the signal going to my amp; hence only 4 stars. 4i know this is a great product.  i've had a set before.  i have to knock off a star because a part was lost during shipping that renders the product useless.  the product comes in a clam shell package.  for me it shipped with some heavier stuff that impacted the package and let it open some.  there are two retaining clips that slipped out and since the main shipping box wasn't fully taped up one slipped completely out of the box and is probably on the floor of some warehouse or truck somewhere.  i found the rest of the small parts in the box and the larger parts still in the clam shell package but without the one retaining clip the system is useless.the product is too inexpensive to bother with a return.  if i find a retaining clip that will work (i do have one to compare with) then i can use it.that said, i'll say again, the straplok system is a great product.  i know, i've owned another set for more than twenty years! 4i was looking for a foot rest for a good value and that is exactly what i got.  there isn't too much to say about it.  it's sturdy.  it's adjustable.  it's a great price.  it really made playing easier for me. 5i've been a fender player since i first picked up the guitar. i've used different strings from d'darrio to ernie ball and now i always use fender strings. for stratocasters i always use super bullets and for telecasters i use super 250s. the only difference between the two is the bullet end vs a ball end on the 250s. the bullet end is designed to give you better tuning stability with the tremolo on a strat. i don't use the tremolo very much so i don't know how critical it really is for me but since the super bullets cost the same as the super 250s i figure i might as well get the ones that are designed for the strat. also, these are the oem strings that fender installs at the factory so you can't go wrong with that. i highly recommend them. 5having purchased many &#34;a&#34; frame and more &#34;traditional&#34; style stands, this one has quickly become my favorite. not only is the padding much better than the rest of them, this thing is very sturdy and the casters actually work. only thing lacking a bit is the instructions, but it's easy enough to put together that they aren't really needed. i'll probably be buying a second one for the rest of my guitars soon. 5they said you could hook up a volume pedal to raise and lower the note you're playing up to three octaves, but i could never get that feature to work properly.from video reviews i've heard on youtube, this harmonizer does not even come close to the boss version, but it costs about $100 less.  since i am not a professional musician and i am just playing around with it, it works just fine.  and ... you get what you pay for.addendum:  i've now owned this for a while, and discovered that it can turn my six-string strat into a bass, by turning the balance knob all the way to the right, and my pitch on the second from bottom position.  in fact, when i record my dean edge bass onto the boss loop station and then record my strat on top of it using the behringer  ultra shifter/harmonist, i cannot tell any difference in tonality.i am thinking of selling my bass.  it has just become a needless expense.  needs the neck adjusted twice a year, the strings are expensive, and it is harder to play then my strat. 4i have one of these in every one of my cases. it's a plastic sponge holder with holes in it; nothing special but it does the job. 5this tuner is cool. it picks up even the lightest vibrations, i/e: i can hit the high e on my acoustic and it will register the tone until it pretty much dies out. i also like the capo tuning feature. you put a capo on the 3rd and tell the tuner to flatten 3x. i highly recommend this tuner. 5solid, stays where i put it, and does a great job holding a heavy mic, mount and pop filter. can't really beat it for the price. 5this is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good.  i broke the high e on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily i had bought 2 packs at the same time.  so, i want to keep a completed pack for back up.  i have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session.  i have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter. 4i have several snarks. they are the first tuner my young guitar students have no problems with. fast and accurate. the sn-8 is a little faster and slightly more accurate than the other, older models, with a brighter display (at slightly reduced battery life) but they are all great. i have lots of tuners, and several brands of clip ons. this is my favorite. there is no close second. i play 5 string bass in a band and at church as well as guitar. i love this tuner. 5this is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing.  my particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat.  there's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body.  neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me.  maybe i got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models?  my guitar also has a weird v shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - i'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together.  i know that the better les paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since i didn't read about this one having something different, i assumed it would be the same.  glue is stronger than wood and les paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so i guess my guitar should be more durable than some. still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery.  i'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.my remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all les paul guitars versus my particular instrument.  the guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting.  the top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a les paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars.  it's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; les paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup.  the range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and i found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated .09 strings without additional hardware.the guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars.  note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of les paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar.  though this is a fine guitar for the price, i'm not sure that i would make the same choice if i were in the same position again. 3i've owned loop stations, dm-4s, jam mans, samplers and all that jazz. they're all full of crap you dont need. this pedal has flawless, colorless sound quality. it records what you sound like. you click it on, record your riff, click it and listen to it loop. tap twice to stop or tap twice and hold to start over. you can record up to five minutes with unlimited layers. smallest, cheapest, easiest to use and most straight forward loop pedal you will find. if you need all the drum loops and the ability to save loops for later use, then dont get this one, but if you just want a good way to jam with yourself or a live loop similar to the dm-4 but with more time on the loop then yes get this. 5no complaints whatsoever.product is a solid build and prices right.knobs work well and the stand doesn't slip.legs hold up pretty well also. 5sounds like a great concept and they seem well made. i just don't care for them. i know others love them so i guess it's just a personal thing.it took weeks to receive them in the us. don't be in a rush. 4my son finds that this holder comes in handy when storing his picks. he says it's easy to use and finds no difficulty removing his picks from the holder. highly recommend! 5every issue i had was ironed out by mackie support.they are seriously fabulous.i'm using this for a simple weigh station between my daw and my tascam 16 track.so far, no problems at all. 5received a new 500w hartke 2x10 bass combo at church, tube pre and ss power amp. the preamplifier has one 12ax7. it was an eh. it went very microphonic after about ten hours playing time. after talking to larry hartke, decided i got a bad tube. he would not send a warranty replacement. my suggestion - new stock tubes are probably not tested prior to installation. replace all stock tubes with tested tubes from someone like doug's tubes, tube depot, eurotubes, or some other reputable tube vendor. i don' t trust ebay tubes and won't spend the hard earned cash on nos. replaced with a jj, but should have used a tungsol reissue. 3first of all i want to say i love a tube amp distortion.  overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be.  i run a randall g3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state i've used or heard.  for recording i use a peavey 5150 and its so sweet.  tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.recently i started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that i felt like could only be achieved through a pedal.  there is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, i used the dod death metal for years when i first started playing.  however, there is a downside.  go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old am radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250.  quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.i chose the mt-2 because i know boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using.  it gives a variety of sounds.  it can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones.  the controls make it very tweakable and i have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it.  read the included book, look up some mp3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings.  it will help you tame this pedal into what you want.  perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot.  there are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.i've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz.  i must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig.  within 10 minutes i was pleased with the mt-2.  i used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.i say the mt-2 is worth an investment if you're looking for a big distortion sound from a little pedal.  surely something guitarists should consider adding to their board. 4i have two delay pedals, both inexpensive (this one and a behringer) and although this one is even cheaper than the already cheap behringer, the danelectro sounds more natural.  the behringer has a somewhat brittle high end to the delayed signal, which is perfectly ok for some applications.  the danelectro has a warmer, almost analog feel.  it sounds awesome when used in conjunction with your lead boost for solos.  the case is plastic but unless you eat 3 times your weight at the golden corral buffet then jump up and down on the pedal with both feet, you're not going to break it.  the only thing i don't like is that the three control knobs are facing away from you when you use it.  i suppose this was done to allow the knobs to fit into the "retro" look of this pedal.  ok, fine.  i've heard pedals costing twice as much that don't sound as nice as this one.  as one reviewer once wrote, there are guitarists who would rather catch aids than be seen with cheap pedals on their pedal board; i, however, think some of these cheap pedals function quite well, and in some cases, just as well as their more expensive counterparts.  if you have the nerve to put this pedal in the same board with your holy grail, ocd, and other "boutique" pedals, i promise the other ones won't catch aids from this.  in fact, the whole ensemble will benefit. 5very good stand especially for the price. it is not incredibly stable, but it is enough stable unless your microphone is super heavy. 5i think these jazz picks are awesome, nice and light with a gripped texture so you don't have worry about them flying when you solo! i only wish that more came in a single pack. 5the strings on my new yamaha fg700s were too hard and noisy so i ordered these and what a difference in the feel!  playing went from painful to pure pleasure!  i did notice that the tone of the low e string was a bit dead, especially in drop d tuning so i put that one yamaha string back on and got better sounding lows.  for that, i gave four stars instead of five. 4first off, the shipping was fantastic. it shipped the very next day and came very well protected in perfect condition. it is an extremely well made and solid product. i think a few people have given this les paul a rep of just being a "starter guitar". trust me when i say, i have no problem leaving my les paul standard at home and taking this one to a gig. it plays well and the sound?? incredible. it even has a great acoustic sound to it when not plugged into an amp. i can't say enough good things about this guitar it's that good. if you're thinking aout buying this guitar, don't. just buy it!! buy it!! 5although im not onstage bouncing aroung...they hold the strap on just fine...no changing hardware like strap locks...yes..more colors so they would stay hidden would be nice...but i will order more.. 4i am disabled, a disabled vietnam vet, and my mobility is becoming more limited every winter.  my wife bought me this for christmas, thinking i needed a new hobby to keep me busy during the harsh winter months.i am so happy she did.  my first thought was "now i have to learn how to play this thing".  i am so glad she chose this particular guitar for me to start with.  i now own 26 guitars and have even built 2 custom guitars.  i always get carried away with new projects and can already play quite well, or so i'm told.  i practice a lot.now about the guitar.  i wanted to wait until i knew a little something before i reviewed it.  first, i don't know how they sell these for the price they do.  it is a very high quality piece, comparable to guitars in the thousand dollar price range.the action is nice and low, good especially for a beginner.  i did find just the perfect strings and it made a world of difference.  i use light d'addaro strings and love the tone and feel.the yamaha is solid wood everywhere, no laminate as you'd expect for this price.  the tone is fantastic, the finish is flawless and tough.  it sounds great gently playing or really getting down and rough with it.  i have been strumming vigorously for over four months now and not a mark is on the guitar.  i have been playing many other guitars, all electric as well and am looking at a high end acoustic now, but will always keep my first.  there is no reason for me to need another acoustic, i just will because i can.this yamaha has great tuners and stays in tune well, rarely having to make an adjustment once the strings are stretched.the neck is nice, though a bit thick so i cheat sometimes with my thumb on the low e.  the set-up was perfect with this and i just can't see where it's going to take much if any maintenance over the years other than replacing strings as needed.the yamaha came with a great hard case, tuner, pics and other goodies as a package and was very inexpensive.  i did put a nice soft leather strap with a quick disconnect on it as there is no front strap button but no big deal there.if you're looking for a nice acoustic or thinking about taking up playing, this would be a great place to start.  i see these selling used for what i paid for mine new so you're bot going to lose money on it either.  read the other reviews, this is a really nice value.  it is still my only acoustic that i own, my other 25 guitars are all electrics or project guitars.  i do have my eye on a martin though.5 plus stars for this one.  if you're considering it, buy it.  you will not regret it.  i still play this on almost every day. 5what can i say?  it's a cable.  it's cheap, and it works as advertised.  much less expensive than what they try to force on you at the local music shops.  gold tips, yeah, right! 5this pedal is "ok" by which i mean, i provides the basic functions it says it does. quality-wise, it feels a bit cheapish....i was afraid i was going to snap a pot off or something while playing it. the case is metal but feels like the thinnest sheet metal they could get away with building it from. the power switch and chorus/vibrato switch were clearly the cheapest switches they could find, and are not that easily accessible by a toe...you gotta bend over and flip those. they are small.on the other hand it was only sixty-nine-bucks - relatively inexpensive for a multifunction effect pedal.i don't care for the rear facing upwardly angled input, output and power jacks. that's not pedal board friendly in my opinion. nice as a tabletop effect. the footprint is fairly huge on the board at about 7.75" x 6.5" (approx). the "standard" 9v center negative power supply is a "postive" (excuse my pun.)if you are looking for a way to play with signal modulation - echos, vibratos, reverbs, old style choruses...this is not a bad way to get started playing with that. you can make a lot of sounds without breaking the bank.personally, i have other effects that make these sounds and do it in a smaller space, so for me...not a keeper. your situation might be different than mine.not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much. 3good product! but i'd expected more robust on your structure. but it's good product! don't have adhesive to bind on the surface. 4serves its purpose; worked better when i added a quick-disconnect attachment; quality finish, comfortable, and enough range to adjust as needed; 5i am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. it has worked great now for over a year at least. i had to look it up and i have had this for 3 years tomorrow. 5i started using these a few years ago.  picks always slip out of my fingers and this rougher surface really helps. 5it's well built enough to stand up to regular use.  i use mine for recording and some performance.  it' works great. 5i ordered a couple sets of this strings so i would have some extras for myself and my 6 year old son who is just starting out on guitar. this strings have good sound and hold a tune well. the best thing is the price is great. like i said i am usinging these on mine and my sons guitar and my son was breaking string from playing to hard, but with these string it does not break the bank to replace them as needed. 5i love these strings.  i had limited experience selecting strings for my acoustic but as soon as i tried these, i really enjoyed them.  after reading reviews realized i actually made a good purchase.  no desire to test other strings.  especially after this bundle/value. 5it is sturdy, well made, feels hefty in your hands, with an extremely smooth action - everything the shubb winder is not.well, it is made in china, while the shubb is made in usa. but what is the point if it is so much inferior?i think it proves that it is not about where it is made but how it is designed and manufactured. 5a friend of my has one and i just found in love with it. great sound! beautiful color! the applause exceeds my expectation whether it is unplugged or amplified. 5so the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it.  i've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time i play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)the unit itself has held up well.  no problems with case or pedals.  all switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine.  it doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor.  it's low profile and is easy to switch by foot.  i have it going into my mixer which works fine.  no feedback or buzz from it.i like the recording software, cubase, that came with it.  i didn't think i'd use it much but i do.  it's fun and easy to record my own songs.  cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but i've learned nothing happens and it's fine.i don't use the looper much as i have it before my digitech jam man.  which, if you don't have, you need it!  the drum presets are fun to use.  it's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it.  isn't that what it's all about?my two gripes are the tuner and clean presets.  the tuner is not very accurate and i use a cheapo tuner that works much better.  also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't.  some flaw i guess.  also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak.  i don't like them at all.  the distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone.  they rock.  i use alot of the other ones as well.imho this the "must have" addition to your set up.  it's not for professional use...but when i turn pro i'll get something better. 4this snark thing is the cats meow, its absolutely charlie. it hears things i don't and tells me whether they are what i want to hear to be in tune with the standard tuning used by so many musicians today to play musical things alone or together.if you like being in tune, this is probably for you. it is colorful plastic and is fun to look at even if you are not tuning anything. you can clamp it on a cat's tail, but the cat will not like it and the cat will break it so don't even think about doing that you sicko.great design, easy to read, works better than 2 other brand tuners i own. only bummer is you can't carry it in your pocket cause its plastic and it is designed to break so you will buy another one or superglue your fingers trying to fix this one. if it were available in titanium housing it would be perfect and about 400 dollars, oh well.i suggest you purchase one immediately or risk your status of being cool, hip, out there or whatever standard definition of outside the mainstream you use to characterize yourself in an attempt at being singular without risking ostracization for standing outside the contemporary definitions of humanity.  oh the peer pressure........ 5sounds like my original.  enough said.  great pedal and it is still built like a tank.  i do appreciate that on this version, one can use a pretty standard ac adapter. a+. 5this worked out of the box. i have two xlr misc, one keyboard, and a guitar connected and its very easy to balance the levels. there is no noise or other problem so far.great for my family.looking to buy more soon. 5i use this at home for rough tracks and have also used it at work for voice over. its worked great. very happy with it. its not a $2000 quality mic but it its a good mic for the money. some of the tone can be a little tricky sometimes, but for the price its expected to not have it sound like butter. 5sound quality did improve over the plastic pegs.  next in line is to tweak my bridge by replacing the plastic saddle with a tusq.  this should improve my sustain and tone even more.  if you're looking for a budget increase of tone ... this is a way to go. 5this thing works great and it looks very stylish with the guitar hanging on the wall.  this also keeps it away from the kids who always seem to want to play it.  very good idea and holds it perfectly. 5bought stand as a gift for my son's acoustic guitar.  he loves it and now has an electric guitar and wants another stand.  can't go wrong for the price. 5i have an esp guitar with a slanted headstock that had a hard time fitting into the gig bag that the music store threw in when i got the guitar. after buying a line-6 pocket pod and some good studio headphones there was simply no room left in that old bag.found this bag and liked the fact that it has so many front pockets and it really looked like it would fit all of my gear, cables, etc. i originally put it on my wish list because i will admit, you don't always want to spend your own money on stuff like this but my wife ended up surprising me with this and it was a great surprise.my guitar fits perfectly. it used to be a struggle getting my guitar in the old gig bag and zipping it shut. as mentioned, the curved headstock makes the guitar taller and the old gig bag always had the pointed tip of the headstock poking out of it because it just would not close.but this big closes all the way and it does have so much more padding than my previous bag. and the pockets - oh the pockets! they fit all of my gear. i have my guitar cable, a set of full size sennheiser headphones, a line 6 pocket pod, all the allen wrenches, a tuner, and my tremelo neatly organized in all the separate pockets. and there is room for more if i need it!the bag does smell a little funky the first few days but it didn't stink up the house like some reviewers mentioned. just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.one last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. i did not know this but wow i had no idea how useful that could be. i tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. i really cannot recommend this bag enough. i do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but i don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, i would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. it would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. i don't travel long distances with my guitar but if i did, i would use a hard case only for that as i have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear! 5even though it is fender it was made in china i would have thought the us.  what can you say about a guitar chord? 3i've found no issues with noise or build quality so far; the 1 foot length lets you stagger or make those connections for large pedals or one which put their input/outputs in weird places. 5yes, dear reader, this stand will work as a good support stand for not only my grand concert size acoustic guitar, for  my five- string banjo (with resonator), and.also  for my baritone ukulele.  the stand is.sturdy, provides good support, and looks good.  i am pleased with my purchase. and will probably buy another just like it for my banjo. the package arrived in time and was protected by an adequate shipping container.. 5arrive on time and as described.  i have yet to install but do not expect any surprises as have used these strings in the past.  i have read many of reviews on guitar strings as well as talked to many different guitarist.  pretty well  all have their favorite set of strings.  what is interesting is they do not all agree on a specific type and/or brand.  so i reckon each has to find their own.  so far these strings have worked for me but am still experimenting to find &#34;the ones to love&#34;! 5i love this little tuner.  it's better than the unit that was bundled with my guitar, and as accurate (and easier to use) than the one on my vox tonelab st.i'm planning on getting at least one more to keep in the guitar case. 5very useful. 5i actually have five of these for the various instruments, mostly bass guitars but also an acoustic and a solid-body electric.when mounted properly to studs - the only way i have mounted these - they are very, very solid. while in a nice package with instructions and hardware for wall board fasteners, i used longish brass wood screws to studs for appearance and strength. you do see the ends of the screws used after install is complete, and to me a brass screw looks great with this &#34;flat black&#34; model.the cc11 model -- this one -- works well with any kind of guitar including bass or acoustic. there are variants for other instruments, but a relatively wide range will be held securely by this unit. the yoke width is adjustable, and a combination of slope and two keeper rings prevent the instrument from coming off the holder.recommended...but do consider you means of mounting carefully. 5i've got three of these to hold an acoustic, a mini strat, and a jazzmaster .... while i had no doubts about their capacity to hold the former i was somewhat leary about the later (it's quite a bit heavier than the other two) but after putting some weight on it and it not coming apart i have been trusting it ...do not fix these directly into drywall with the screws provided though they seem awfully small for the weight of a full-size electric (and i have my doubts about those plugs), the hanger will hold but the drywall might not, get some good wall anchors at your local hardware store rated for at least the weight of your instrument. i used a different setup, #10 philips (slotted round heads would have actually been better) to fix them to a nice piece of 3/4 x 6 x 6 pine and screwed that into the studs with some 2.5" #12 screws. needless to say it's not going anywhere. as a bonus of this scheme even the acoustic hangs free of the wall.ok, one month later and nothing has come down so clearly they work fine even for something as heavy as a jazzmaster. 3so, first up:  i've been using macs to record music since the g4 cube... yeah, go look that up.  anyway, i know my way around audio recording on apple devices.and then: yeah, this thing looks kind of cheesy or flimsy...but: i haven't encountered anything so plug & play simple as the apogee jam 96k since gefen introduced the imic.  just plug in the usb or lightning cable, plug in your instrument and go.also, it's not flimsy.  it is made of plastic, but the thing has a bit of heft to it and survived a tumble to the floor from my desk.it pulls power from your machine, so no worries about some adapter introducing hum to your recordings. this also helps those of us using electric guitars that don't have extra-wound humbuckers.i tested the apogee jam on a new (2014) macbook air, an iphone 5, and a 2013 ipad mini.  garageband instantly knew what was going on, but protools did need a bit of coaching.a small device that doesn't color input sound and doesn't get in the way... just what i needed! 5i purchased these for my little pedal board "the stepping stone".these are very well made with the heads well secured. the plastic is thick and of a nice material.the cables come with a massive 5 year warranty so i'm sure they're not going bad anytime soon.buy with confidence. 5i needed to have a place to sit my guitars and bass. these things work really great. i love them. 5a looper pedal has been on my list of things i'd like to get some day for a long long time. why i waited so long to get one, i can't say. all i can say is how glad i am not only that i finally got one but that i got this one. it is fantastic. here's why.first, ease of use. i really thought i'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. on the contrary, i got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. the instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. this manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. as i delved deeper into the options i was able to quickly figure out how to do everything i wanted to do.second, user interface. it's a pedal. it's got knobs and buttons. this makes me very happy. it's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. once you've got it up and running, i strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. the work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.third, features. it has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. the beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.fourth, plays nice with computers. there's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. there you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.fifth, comes with an ac adapter. it actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, i was happy to see it in the box.sixth, you can add an sd card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.all of which gives you some specifics but misses the overall experience. the experience for me has been pure jamming joy. i hear a song in my head, and very quickly have the basic concept captured as a loop. you can plug your electric guitar or a mic into the input, so you can capture anything you want.for the price this is a wonderful piece of gear, and my only regret is not having bought one sooner. i'm having so much fun with it. 5this is not my first planet waves locking strap. they have never failed. though the selection of colors and widths are very, very limited, it will keep your guitar secure if you can live with those limitations. obviously if you have your heart on a certain strap other than these then go ahead and purchase straplocks. but for me these work just fine. highly recommended. 5i ordered these for a gibson songwriter deluxe ec custom vintage and they seem a little bit thinner with slightly smaller heads and a micro-touch longer than the stock pins from gibson.the pins measure: 28mm -or- 1 1/4" inches in length.i was going to return them but figured i would try them out in my gibson blues king l-00 parlor sized guitar.it was about the same result, a little too thin, smaller heads and slightly longer but i went ahead and tried them.glad i did.i didn't think that after using the tusq bridge that came stock from gibson it would make any detectable difference but i was wrong. i can tell a slight difference. i did not remove the strings, just loosened them so it was compared to the set that was on it, which were fresh from yesterday.a small amount of improvement in sustain and high end frequencies ringing out was noticeable.they also provide a graph in the packaging info, but i think that it was a test using both the tusq pins and replacement saddle. if you haven't changed your saddle...do it now and get rid of that soft plastic one.i must admit, i did order these with about 75% of "dressing up" the guitar in mind, and any amount of tonal improvement would be gladly appreciated but not expected. i got both.white with paua dot inlay looks very nice and provides the eye candy i was seeking, although there is no care taken as to "match the dots" for consistency, -they will vary in appearance.the tusq pins being a wee bit smaller seem to slide down all the way...right away and need to be pushed all the way into the slot while stringing up the guitar. the heads set flush to the bridge mount compared to the gibson stock plastic pins that stick up a little higher, and i do wish that the tusq pins were the same size.i will see how well they do on the blues king and most likely will order new pins for the songwriter deluxe once they pass the test of time and playing for a month or two. i don't expect them to cause any problems and should provide the extra sustain and ringing that is very much appreciated in any small amount or fashion!if in doubt, consider changing your strings to a brand that might be more suited for the "tone" you have in mind, be it darker, brighter, softer, louder, etc. strings make a big difference and i find using d'addario phosphor bronze strings very bright & ringy, last long, are affordable, and seem noticeably louder than ghs or ernie ball. (steel strings only - does not apply to nylon or gut strings.)once again, if you have a plastic saddle and/or nut then these pins might not make much of a noticeable difference...then again, they might make all the difference in the world! you just have to try them and see.they are inexpensive and pretty...well worth the risk! 4easy to adjust and holds the ipad secure.  i actually have 2 ipads on one mic stand (one shows charts while the other plays backing tracks).  no issues at all and would order again. 5you get a 10" speaker and separate drive control volume with this amp; try to findthose two capabilities in another amp for around $90.00!!!!!!!!!!!!this is by far the best practice amp i have found in the past 10 years and i owna butt load of new amps.i have actually upgraded to a champion 40, but still use this amp as much as the 40.don't even think about it, this is one of the best (under $100.00) practice amps, unless you are looking for a gadget filled amp, and in that case you should look elsewhere, as this one is forturning on and going for it and not fiddling around with digital controls until you havejust lost most of your practice time.as an addendum, i would like to add that you should probably not try to replace the speakeras i have read from other reviewers. i have a few of these amps, so just for the heck of it,i put in a celestion g10 greenback (which costs more than the 25r) and was very disappointed withthe results.this amp is not being carried by a lot of retailers now, but can still be had new for under $100.00 if you just do an internet search. 5but didnt work on the el cheapo drop in pickguard/pickup setup that i got here on amazon. other than that, they look cool in the package. loli suppose this gives me a reason to build a whole other guitar just to use these covers. ahahahahahahyeah, thats right.... 4the dimarzio strap lock system here is hands down the best strap lock system available.  the dunlops tend to release if they're bumped, and the schaller locks can be a bit too bulk for some instruments.  the dimarzio models are extremely comfortable, easy to install, and very easy to use. 5these picks were a filler item for a much larger order.  i can always use guitar picks, however these are very pleasing to the eye and have a good quality feel. 5i've been using elixers on my godin multiac steel sa for many years now. they have a great, not-too-bright sound and you don't get the string noise when you move your hands across the neck like you do with traditional strings. these tend to last me about 3 months! so, i am very happy with them. they also track pretty well with my roland synth, so no gripes there. all in all i really like these strings and think they sound great. 5why drive a pinto when you can drive a cadillac? this is the industries best mic as far as i am concerned. i had a shure sm 58 like everyone else owned but there is no comparison between this mic and a sm58. sm 58 is garbage compared to the beta 58a. spring for the extra bucks and be happy. that's what i always say. 5they are good quality guitar picks, and i would recommend them to anyone who is looking for some guitar picks. 5i only have used this tuner on classical guitars (the ones with nylon strings).  i teach classical guitar and have had the opportunity to use it on many different classical guitars of varying quality.  it has tuned them all very well.  a great advantage i've found using this tuner (tune tech tt500) verses tuners which use a microphone, is that i can now talk with my students while tuning and no longer have to ask them to please be quiet while i tune their guitars.  kids especially like to talk and now i can fully engage in conversation with them while tuning their guitars.  the only problem i've noticed, and thus only 4 stars, is that i usually have to begin tuning with any string other than the low e string.  for some reason, the tuner seems to have trouble sensing the low e vibrations and the needle will not move.  this problem has always resolved itself when i tune another string and then tune the low e.pros:1.  pitch is registered quickly with minimal needle fluctuations2.  ambient noise does not disturb tuning sensor3.  small and compact4.  swivel head for ease of viewing the screen.5.  the screen is very bright and is also easily seen in direct sunlight.6.  rubber feet on clamp will not scratch guitar7.  clamp is strong and will open wide but easy to squeeze open with fingers.8.  being a chromatic tuner means you are not stuck just tuning eadgbe.  it's tuning range is 12 note. a2 - b7.9.  will automatically turn itself off after 3 minutes of non-use.cons:1.  delay on tuning low e string2.  buttons rattle while tuning 2nd string, b.3.  plastic on screen scratches easilyi don't yet know how long the button battery will last or how much battery replacements cost.  i will update this review when i have that information.  but for now, i am very pleased with this tuner.  i have owned many electronic tuners and this one so far beats them all.  i have also used it to tune my guitarlele and it tunes it darn near perfectly!  great chromatic tuner at a great price - i love it! 4this thing is amazing. love the sound it produces.well made, like a tank. real quality.expect to be using this without any problems for a long long time. 5the industry standard for live performance, the sm58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason. these are the only microphones that i perform with, and the on/off switch makes it easier so i don't have to power down all of my gear when i am done practicing...i just turn the mic off. 5perfect for my guitars. sounds great for my telecaster and my stratocaster guitars. capacitor are a nice generalized  choice. excellent choice. 5for the money, this thing sounds just fine. i got it for my son to toy around with. he barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price. 4i bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after i got my first guitar.  i've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound.  it's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound i want.  you might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet! 5it works great,it keeps my music in order.i am able to see my music.this has been a very useful tool. 5this is my first noise reducer. it works and like it says it reduces the noise. it comes with 2 knobs and 1 switch. the switch let you choose if you want it to reduce the noise when is activated or to mute everything when activated. the 2 knobs, 1 of them let you select the range of the noise you want to reduce, the other one how fast you want it to start reducing the noise. i noticed a slight change of the original sound of my distortion, but it could be also because i didn't find the right setup. if the knob of the noise to reduce is on the highest setting, then it reduce also the sound of the all guitar, so you really gotta study this before you can use it properly. overall, for the price i'm happy with it, and it hides the hiss and all the other sounds unwanted. 3they do what they are meant to do. no complaint for the price and they have a pretty dang cool lookin design to them. 5i did pretty much almost hurt myself attaching this strap to my guitar...but all in all i will say it was weeeeellllll worth the effort! it looks and feels great on my luna butterfly...and i like the durability it seems like it will have. pretty great strap overall and i am very very much pleased with my purchase!!! all smiles here :) 5i used this to tune a coconut thumb piano. if it can tune that, it should handle your guitar or bass fine. was really impressed to see it in action. not the smoothest operation in the world but it's gig-bag small and accurate. 5i received a pair of these two weeks ago and am happy with my purchase. they seem well put together and just feel nice. they also came with two velcro ties each. with proper care i'm confident these cables will last a very long time. 5if you are getting this amp only for portable practice and just want to hear what you are playing and do not care if it sounds great then you will be happy with this little amp.  it sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. i said good, not loud.  loud enough, yes. i suggest buying a power brick so you can plug it in for daily home use because the batteries only last for about five hours of playing time.  this is a great little amp for camping, a quick lesson, or going to a friends house for a little jamming etc.. if you keep your expectations reasonable you will be pleased.  great color and retro style as well. 5these original bullets are great for my strat. they are made specifically for the fender tremolo bridge and fit perfect. the strings sound great and hold up to the &#34;whammy&#34; just fine. sound great and look great. 5this is an amazing guitar for the price. i wanted a classical guitar to round out my collection. the guitar has good tone and action. the built in tuner is a nice addition because nylon strings stretch when they are new so you have to retune frequently.  the guitar stays in tune nicely after the strings are broken in.  the pickup works nicely but is a little sensitive and loud.  the guitar sounds good both acoustically and amplified, but i prefer the acoustic sound.  the finish is a bit more orange than pictured. you could spend a lot more money on a classical guitar and not end up with a better guitar than this one. 4i've tried kyser capos and they're good. they work. this capo, however, just works simply, smoothly, and it's a great pleasure to operate. like a seagull vs a taylor 8 series, they both work, but one has more beauty in its being. made in china, designed in europe, slippery, a bit heavy, but still very, very nice. it's more money than i'd have liked to have paid, but i'm glad i did. did it improve my life? not at all. it also didn't improve my guitar playing - but somehow it's just so much nicer to have than any other capo i've used. 5for the price they are awesome strings.... i like the sound(i like a little heavier sound), and i'm hoping the high e will hold up a little longer than the lower gauge &#34;its always the first to go&#34;. you cant beat the price on amazon i paid 9.50 at my music store but i needed strings asap, i will order back ups at this price. 5grabbed these on impulse as i needed some new ones. normally i used the old fender medium or heavy picks, but i gotta say these are great. stiff but flexible enough to maneuver plus they glide nicely. not sure what could be said to prove it, but they just feel great. 5the snark sn-8(b)super tight all instrument tuner is the best snark tuner i've purchased, of 4 models. this sn-8, has a matte type finish, not glossy, it has a gun metal black look to me which i prefer to the glossy finished models. the dial, is easy to read, the bars on the dial are bold. all snark tuners are a great value, they function as well as any brand. 5this is a convenient way to keep your picks close in case you drop one or need to chance to different pick weight.  i don't have a bass, however, it fits great on my acoustical and electric guitar. 5i love this tuner! its awesome to use and efficient! the only thing i wonder about sometimes is how accurate they actually are. to my ear it sounds good but you never know??? 5i got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, im hoping over time they will be easier to press 4simply put, this speaker turned my super champ xd into a killer 15watt amp. gave the amp more low-end and made everything much clearer. i would, and do, recommend this speaker to anyone wanting to upgrade their super champ sound. and, like other people have said, the speaker is much louder on the same volume setting. i had to turn the amp down two notches (two number) to have the same volume level out of the amp.if my super champ was stolen, i'd buy a new one and put this speaker in it. wouldn't even think twice about it. 5first wax i have bought. i usually don't wax. i tend to use cleaning sprays. i am going to be waxing now on. gerlitz makes this wax easy, not greasy. this tin should last a lifetime. it comes with an applicator designed for contours of guitars. i would use just the minimal amount and still get a mirrorglaze. leaves no ffingerprints or smudges. my classical guitar sounds better after a dose of the gerlitz gno no 1 carnuba guitar wax!!!!! 5these will pluck guitar and bass strings decently. if you want one set to cover both applications, this is a good choice. 5i might have done something wrong...i read in a review that these hold six picks.it held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart...i'll just keep using my pockets. 1i have been using this pre-amp for a year and it has been great.  after i figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  i have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though i keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand. 5good microphone for the money, sounds a little better than my akg d88s, knocked it down to 4 stars due to the fact it does not have an on/off switch. i am a user of behringer products though, own 2 of their amps. 4korg ga1 guitar and bass tuner is a very good and helpful tool to any guitar player.buy it, you will never regret. 5these are super strings. they will last and last and last, and give you great sound. easy to put on and tune. 5i liked this tuner, the look, the size, the ease of use, the quality performance, until it died. i think what happened is i just left it on too long. my problem was that in order to turn the power off you have to hold the power button rather than simply pressing and releasing it. since it died that first time, it doesn't seem to perform the same. i also haven't really paid much attention to it since it died because i sent another similar tuner in for replacement, and i got an acoustic guitar that has an on-board tuner and a tuner pedal for electric guitar.i wouldn't recommend against this product. just remember to hold the power button to turn it off. 3i gave it five stars! i purchased this for my young son but i find myself drawn to it because of all the really great things this amp does.  i wanted something flexible and decided to buy the mustang iii over the ii because of the power and the larger speaker.i've read the reviews here and they pretty much sum up what i think about the amp. it sounds great and it has loads of power.  since it's solid-state, it falls apart a bit when pushed really hard and lacks a little at the bottom end, but for this price?!? wow! i have no complaints.one thing most have failed to mention is the non-amp features like the input for an mp3 player and the fuse software that comes with the amp for customizing tones, creating jam tracks and setting up the amp to suit his tastes. both mac and windows are supported. my son is a newer guitarist and has used these things extensively. since he's 11, he doesn't have many opportunities to play with others. he can create jam/click tracks and play along. we also downloaded new firmware from fender and used the software to eliminate a fizz issue that existed in earlier versions.people who own this amp can create their own tones and tracks, then upload them to fender's user web site. we watched a david gilmour concert and he was inspired. he wanted a tone that sounded like his. we downloaded a few pink floyd tones created by other people.  one of them was particularly great. we tweaked the delay settings a bit and saved it.  he loves it.great amp. i can't compare to line 6 but i can compare it to other amps i've heard. it's pretty nice.  equally nice is the fact he can experiment with tones without spending a pile of $$$ on fx. 5it does the job. it's bulky but it works well. it comes with an extra set of holders for thicker tablets (or to use the tablet while still in the case). 4you don't really need an expensive sustain pedal unless you're a concert pianist playing on a $10k keyboard- nuff said. 5this gadget has stereo in for your monitor mix & a passthrough for you mic so you can get the overall mix set then add in your mic to get the "more me" setting. it's simple & easy to use. works great. 5for $99 you get the best good sized, heavy duty, high quality amp with tons of sound!-construction: solid, good material and parts, fender used the good stuff.-sound: nice clear & loud sound especially for an 8" speaker and 20w amp. you can definitely jam with a drummer no problem, or just shred it wearing headphones.-effects: there are 9 "amp models" (i.e. "57 deluxe", "metal 2000", etc...) and with these 9 amp sounds to choose from, you can apply 24 effects on top of any of the 9 amp models.the effects include chorus, deep chorus, flange, tremelo, vibration, phaser, step filter, delay (150ms, 300ms, 700ms), reverb, large hall, small room, echo filter, octaver, etc...)so what are the presets? each of the 9 amp models has been pre-programmed with three different presets (meaning a professional put three different combinations of effects on the amp model to showcase its best sounds).when you select a preset, like the first metal 2000 for example, the minute you touch the "gain" knob, the gain that was programmed for that preset now becomes whatever level you set. same with treble, bass, volume, and all other effects. the moment you touch any dials or effects knobs, you have custom control to tweak each preset, just temporarily, or save it if you wish.it's so great, because often i feel i would have made a present slightly more this or that, simply grab the gain or change the treble, or move from delay to reverb and make it your own! very easy.-ease of use: plug in your guitar, spin the dials to select the presets and to change the effects. plug in ipod or computer with 3.5mm male cable. it's that easy!-pc software: i've heard their is trouble installing, mine said "error" and did not install on windows 7. i know there are ways to fix this, and i will do so when i have some time. comes with a usb cable (mini for the amp, regular plug for the computer). works for mac or pc, get more presets, use effects pedels and recording instruments through the computer. play on guitar rig and amplitude. awesome.-size: perfect. big enough to give it a serious look, and a quality feel. small enough to fit easily under a table, next to your desk, etc. looks like 18"x18" to me. the front metal-looking grill is mesh, but quality and looks great.-tuner: super simple. doesn't tell you which note is in tune, just tells you left, right, or green in center for "in tune".all in all when compared to the line 6 spider, and many other fender amps, this one has the quality sound, the dozens of different effect combinations, input for a footswitch, aux for ipod, and usb for computer. it has it all. i jam through headphones for hours each day since i bought it. the reverb and gain distortion are so clean, and the clean channels on some of the amp models have really good tone. my guitars sound way better than they used to through my old mini fender amp.don't sleep on this, it's $99 for a loud quality amp with $1,000s worth of effects peddles built in.and did i mention, easily customizable so easy i could teach a 5 year old. select a preset, change the dials you want to change, make changes permanent only by hitting "save" otherwise presets stay the way the factory made them.love this amp, and i've shopped every comparable model. this is the one, hands down worth a minimum of $150.louder than my friends 60w!:d one love fender mustang you rock! 5it's been a while since last we got together. the old amps we had were way too big. for me this one is just right.fender mustang i electric guitar amplifier 580/20 strings "blend" really well on my cheap jasmine guitar. they improve the bass and do not emphasize the tinny sound that inexpensive plywood guitars often exhibit. phosphor bronze were way too bright on the jasmine. 80/20 is good choice for a guitar that needs smoothing out. they did nothing to help my over-braced 1970 gibson j-50, though. phosphor bronze strings are required to give that old box some snap. 5i admit it, my memory is getting worse and this thing does the trick. hold my tab securely so i can flip though it with ease while i'm still playing my guitar. much more professional than having a music stand and paper up on stage. 5possibly the best quality mic cable i have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. for the working musician or home recording man this is great! extremely high quality at this price point and are used by professionals all over southern california and the nation! 5i bought to use for my squire strat. it also fit my tele to. a real good quality case to protect your axe from damage when carrying from gig to gig. 5i expected this shure sm57 knock-off to disappoint me. i was not. for 30 bucks this thing does the job. there is a bit of handling noise but not enough to complain about. i put a windscreen on it to eliminate pops and wind noise. i recommend this mic for vocals. i've had fun with it. as far as longevity and durability, time will tell. 5great product, with a little soldering knowledge (really basic in fact), you can fix that noisy jack in no time at all. nice and snug with my american stage cables (d'addario is great! hey, r. ford uses them).  great price too, much less than what my local music shop asks for these. 5hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. i've trusted them for years, i can't think if a single hosa cable i've owned that's failed. 5i had purchased one a while back for my electric and then my acoustic was always leaning against the wall so i had to get another for my acoustic. super simple to install and very sturdy once installed. 5great little tuner very accurate and portable!nice bright screen perfect and the price is right!its nice it has a chromatic tuner on it too as wellas guitar and bass too! very handy! i useit to tune my baritone, concert and soprano ukes ! 5i love this tuner. it measures vibration with the option to switch to microphone. i find it really useful when trying to figure out what chord i want to play next. i can sing the note into it and then i know which chord i want to play next! 5it's a decent unit, but stopped working completely after about 6 months. tried everything i could, but it's gone. i would not recommend this pedal. 1works great, does what it should, holds all my guitars securely.  acoustic and electric, but not at the same time.  haha 5..and that's a good thing. i wanted a tuner pedal that i could use under any lighting condition. my previous experience with korg equipment made the pitchblack a no-brainer.there's not much i can say that hasn't already been said except &#34;true bypass&#34; is nonsense. if your tone sucks when a device is not on then the problem is somewhere else, not in the effect. if you want to talk about unity gain, on the other hand, i'm all ears! 5excellent pedal tuner which is easy to read on light or dark stages and mutes the signal while tuning. well-designed and rugged construction. i believe that it is a much better value than other major brands which cost at least 50% more. one-button operation makes it simple to operate. 5so i am a big fan of the sm57 microphone as a vocal mic due to its ease of recording and good sound quality.i have a bunch of the large style condenser microphones (rode nt1-a, at2020, sp c-1) and they are clear, but so sensitive that it's difficult to get a solid performance and mix without them either clipping or picking up everything in the room. so if you're like me andlike to let go a bit when you sing, you should try a dynamic mic for the wide range and forgiveness they can giveyou when you belt a little.i did an a / b test against the sm7b i just bought and the sm57 (i love) for vocals - with the exact same processing chain, cable, settings, etc. and just switched the mics out. i sung the same passage as well, and i have to say - the sm57 sounds muddy in comparison to the sm7b. if i didn't have this new microphone i would still like the sm57, but the genni is out of the bottle now... so not going back. the sm7b is clear and sounds sweet in comparison and still handles the vocal sound dynamics very well.dynamic singers ( rock, jazz, gospel, opera )= if you have the budget get this sm7b and if you don't, buy the sm57 until you do have the budget.quiet singers (acoustic , folk ) = if you sing softly all of the time you really don't need one of these dynamic mics, and would be better off with the standard large condenser mics as listed above. of those type, i like the studio projects c-1 best i think, but they are close. 5the music stand is similar to the stands used in schools.  this stand is durable, firm and easy to assemble. 4total flimsy junk. it leans wayyy too far back. i'll be damned if i put my $1000 guitars on these things. on the other hand, chromacast makes one that's very close to this price, and i doubt that it could have been more for the money i paid.in summary... do not buy this piece of junk. 1i recently changed them out for a different type of eb's while they were good the were not exactly what i was looking for. not sure the new set is either but time will tell. 4when i ordered these i wasn't expecting a whole lot since the price was under two dollars for a nearly 10-foot cable.  it turns out the quality is quite excellent and these cables are not flimsy at all.  i plugged them into the mixer and waited to hear some static, interference or buzz to explain the low price and all i got was a nice, clean signal.  highly recommend these to anyone with a mixer that needs an insert cable. 5i like them but i love the schaller locks more. they don't feel as secure as the schaller locks. sorry 3not too light and bendy, not too heavy and stiff, these picks are just right. dunlop also makes quality picks, and i have yet to break one of these. they last a long time. i am a guy so at first i wished they weren't purple, but since dunlop only codes their sizes with certain colors i like them so much i don't really care what color they are anymore. i bought a pack of these picks for much less money at my local music store so i would recommend looking there first. now please stop cutting up milk jugs and go buy these. now! 5i love the strings so far, just put them on my jasmine by takamine guitar today (2-20-14) and they sound amazing, very bright tone, i will be using d'addario strings from now on, very pleased with them. 5i bought one of each soft, medium and hard wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the hard is as soft as the soft. they felt exactly the same in fact. the medium was the hardest out of the bunch.packaging error? i have no idea. the fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. so check with what you get.sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.there is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that i do not think it is idea for strumming.the only reason i can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead. 1for the price and effect itself u can not get a better deal.use it for my acoustic guitar  pedal board though. it just does the job and im more than satisfied.it works awesome with electric guitar too. just get it! 5it's actually sleek looking and although i didn't have the nerve to actually stick this to my guitar, it's a lot easier to find this in my guitar bag or even in my room than a few stray picks here and there. it holds about 8 medium size picks for me and i'm sure i'll lose a lot less picks because of it! it's almost kind of fun putting my pick in this thing..is that weird to say? just buy it already! 5use it every week at gigs.  solid, no problems with the solder joints.  a good quality cable at a very good price. 5i used this a couple of days ago to change strings on my electric guitar (fender strat). i was suprised in how well the little wire cutters worked. the end that turns the machine tuners is a little loose feeling but it still works well, you just have to be a little carful about not allowing it to slip and to not over tighten the strings. i highly recommend it. 5i first want to mention that this is a pack of 6 picks. the product description didn't mention that, but i was pleased to receive more than three!my son told me he needed some new picks, and since lately he's been playing ozzy osbourne songs i knew he needed a better pick than the standard fender picks he's been playing with for three years. after hearing him play with these picks, i've noticed he can play faster and more accurately with these. the finger grips help tremendously and these have really helped to bring his playing to the next level. my only complaint is that they sent us a pack of purple picks. i wish we could choose the color, or maybe they could send a color assortment. we'll be buying these for a long time to come. 5i have been buying this string for many years and will continue to do so john  view tips and guidelines | headline & 20 more words required./// 5it comes with a lifetime guarantee and feels really sturdy. they come in many lengths and it is sleek and effective. great price as well. 5this pick holder is pretty awesome. it's nice to have a place for picks on the guitar. if you're anything like me i always keep a pick in the strings up by the neck of the guitar. not anymore! they now sit in this beautiful little pick holder attached to my guitar!!! 5arrived as expected and as described. capo is well made and is very well priced. i am very happy with the purchase. 5i love this product.  this will power many pedals with low milliamperage ratings.  no need for expensive large pedalboard power adapters.  for a modest rig, or on the road use, i recommend this product. 5not sure if these are more on the brass side or the bronze? not really to my liking compared to the phospher bronze. the exps are nice strings. they have a nice feel to them along with less string noise. and they last. my two acoustic  guitars, a takamine mini jumbo and a gretsch jumbo, both made from mahogany are both nice sounding guitars. i figured i would try these 80/20 strings after using phospher bronze. only real problem i noticed is the 80/20s seem brighter and they ring longer. i prefer the warmer tone. and since my guitars have alot of "boom" already, i dont need the extra ring to complicate the sound with overtones when strumming fast. i imagine these strings may work in some instances, but i am going back to the phospher bronze for my guitars. 3solid good stand, it is decent quality and doesn't have any places that will break easily.  can take anywhere you want 5pretty simple tool, did exactly what i needed it to for a decent price. i'd order again if i needed another one! 4this capo is great for adding another level to your guitar playing without retuning your instrument!highly recommended! just a nice sound it brings to your playing and has a bunch of great new chord combinations to mess around with! 5i admit i bought this only because john frusciante uses a very similar style strap. but he has good taste. this strap is strong and sturdy. even without strap locks i'm comfortable going crazy on stage. high quality, does not fray, stays on the guitar. does what you want and need and looks great! 5that cloth... they should have included something that doesn't fall apart.otherwise it's great. i use it as recommended by the container and it keeps the strings nice and conditioned, but i'm with other people here who commented that you can't really tell how much of the stuff is left inside. good idea to keep more than one of these around. 4this is a very good strap lock system. i put it on my wolfgang guitar and it locked very properly my strap. recommended. 5i bought 5 of these for live recording of my band. they adjust easil for most any amplifier height yet stable enough for on stage recoding. i recomend these for anyone that needs a low cost means to place mics on a live stage. features: stable base; good extension; easy hand grip to lock/unlock for adjusting. for me it was a good perchase. 5great for beginners and experts. the sound is great and is easy on the fingers.  i got them recommended by a friend 5although i didn't purchase my snark sn-1 on amazon, i wanted to share my excellent customer service experience about a company that clearly cares about its customers. i had a problem with my snark, and the company displayed first class customer service -- exceeding my expectations. the sn-1 is a must-have as far as i'm concerned. i had been using my iphone until a friend recommended the snark tuner. so much easier to use, and i like the logical incremental led display that shows if you're flat or sharp. on my iphone, the app i've been using doesn't always display the frequency when i'm really out of tune, so i have no visual indicator of where the tuning is at. if i had a better ear, no problem, but such is not the case.snark not only shows you with the bar display, but also displays the notes your string is playing. much easier -- you don't need to select your tuning or anything first. it picks up your frequency on whatever string you're on and you simply dial it in.great, sturdy clip with a well thought-out foot pad works perfectly with my acoustic and electric. i usually just leave the snark on my music stand where i can use the visual metronome. you can also just clip it to a nearby desk. buy this with confidence -- you'll love it.******************************edit: although i still love this little tuner, my model has suffered a few issues which i will address here. i'm not certain if it's a design flaw or not, but the little plastic pieces that serve as the socket joint on both ends of the adjustable ball arm have a tendency to snap off. i think the manufacturer should look into this and perhaps design a single ring of plastic which may have more integrity. also, the rubber feet fell off long ago with very moderate use at my home. the electronics themselves have held up admirably. 3thsese are the perfect size for my jazzmaster.  too bad the seem to get dirty so quickly.  maybe my hands are just sweaty 4i like replacing pickguards, truss rod covers, knobs, etc. on my guitars. this is a nice part.  looks awesome on my les paul traditional desert burst. 5i use it to wind my strings! i recommend for the use of stringing up your guitar easily and fast. very easy to use! 5i bought this amp as a back up for my 9 year old son and to take to the park... this is a nice little amp, it sounds prety good for the price. just dont expect a booming base or grand sound from it. 5i installed the ragin' cajun into my fender super champ x2. i immediately noticed a difference in the quality, fullness and volume of my amp. it has turned my amp into a amp that is now capable of being used at small gigs. an excellent speaker that i would highly recommed. 5i have owned two snark headstock tuners (the blue ones). they are great products but i find one thing about them absolutely infuriating: the design of the "ball joint" that connects the tuner to the clip. both of my snarks have broken off at this joint. i am a home player - i do not put the tuners under any type of stress.this fender tuner is a great alternative. the way the tuner connects to the clip is much more sturdy than a snark. however, as others have mentioned, this fender tuner display can not rotate as freely as a snark. so, for live usage it may prove difficult depending on how it is oriented. however, for the home player, this tuner will work just fine.the tuner itself is much smaller than i thought it would be. it is smaller than a snark (but not by much). the clip works well with a prs headstock, which does not have a lot of free real estate compared to a strat style headstock.the only real negative i see is to change the battery (and to put the first battery in) requires the use of a very, very small phillips head screwdriver. i build computers so i had one handy, but i would guess some people probably dont have a screwdriver small enough to do the job on hand. 5i decided i wanted to hang my guitars on my walls instead of having them take up space via floor stands. just find a stud and drill in the screws they'll hold just fine. i'm really bad when it comes to stuff like this so i had my brother help me. just make sure you know what you're doing because i thought i did when i really didn't at all.the wall hangers look really nice in person, and they keep the guitars held in place very nicely/safely. the only thing you should have to do extra after purchasing and installing these is creating a makeshift wallpad for behind where the guitar is hung; if something happens that makes it hit the wall, it won't damage the guitar or the wall.this is as legit as it gets if done right, though; i've had my guitars hung via string swing for months and i've had no problems or concerns. i am very pleased with the cheap alternative to floor stands. it saves room and makes the room look cooler. 5a nice work mat of adequate size that provides a nice non-static covering for the bench.  grey color makes it easy to easy to see small parts, etc, as opposed to some black mats where black objects are hard to differentiate. 5i bought this one as a way to save space in my overstuffed room. it looks really good, almost like an ornament. it sturdy and good quality. 5 stars. 5i am not a big user of flanger and my only comparison is with the flanger that is in the boss me 70 multi-effects pedal. this unit sounds good and is adjustable. it appears to give a few db boost whether or not you want it. there is no apparent degradation of signal when not in use. there is no &#34;subtle&#34; setting on the flanger, and so when it is on you know it. i think it is pretty cool and i mostly use it on my fenders when i looking for heavy rock sound with overdrive.. 4i bought eleven of these in order to hang a bunch of my guitars and i found them to be extremely simple and quick to install.  the included anchors work perfectly and went in without issue, leaving the string swing solidly connected to the wall.if you are hanging a lot of guitars, making two rows (one high and one low) seems to be the best option.  i spaced the hangers eighteen inches apart and the guitars i put up look nice and have a good, tight spacing.  i uploaded two pictures of my wall after i had installed nine of the hangers and i couldn't be more pleased with the look... the pictures are uploaded on this product page.  i have put up the other two hangers since i uploaded the pictures, so i will have to do new pictures, but the ones that i put up will give you a good representation of the look you will get with these.the easiest way to hang a lot of these is to use a laser level such as theblack & decker bdl100av all-in-one suregrip laser leveland a long cloth tape measure that you can tack to the wall.  i just went down the wall making dots directly on the line, drilled quick pilot holes and nine of the string swings were installed in about 20 - 30 minutes.  i think that this is the quickest and easiest way to get a professional-looking installation.as far as the performance of the hangers goes, what is there to say?  the included anchors are big enough to keep the wooden backplate securely fastened to the wall and the hanger screws into a metal receptacle in the middle of it.  as long as you make sure that you tighten the hanger properly, you will be in good shape.i do not, however, recommend buying thestring swing home and studio wall bumper brown, as they are complete garbage and fall off the wall almost immediately.edit: i put the other hangers up now and did not drill pilot holes.  the anchors are made in such a way as to be nailed into the wall without using a pilot hole.  just mark the positions, use a hammer to nail the anchors up to the screw portion, then screw them in.  it took about 1 minute to put a new hanger up, but this was partially due to the fact that i was able to use a level and put it against the bottom of the other hangers to get the line.  at any rate, you do not need to drill pilot holes; just nail and go! 5of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand i use at home. it does twist around a bit when you handle it. on the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. for my practices and rehearsals i want to travel light. this stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. i had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so i have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. i've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and i've never had it tip over, but i am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and i set the legs to their sturdiest position. i always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. but i have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50" off the floor. that's plenty high for me even if i were a vocalist, and i'm 6'1". sure, it does not impress as would an $80-$100, stand but the quality is almost unbelievable for $13. i notice that some of the negative reviews are two or three years old, and i wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. it is a lightweight stand and i take care with the knobs, but i certainly would not call it flimsy.one discrepancy that might be important to you: the stand they delivered to me this month (october 2011) was not a "two section" stand, as advertised. it's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20" length that fits in my practice bag. i actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. i bought one of these hisonic signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. that one definitely was in two sections, and i made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. that older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps. 4these just don't have the right feel and the sound isn't that great compared to other materials.the quality control is so so. the picks aren't cleanly cut out they are injection molded and as a result they are left with a thin trim all around them.i'll stick with dunlop gator grip .96mm or prs 1.0 picks. for more flexibility or acoustic, i prefer fender medium celluloid picks. 3behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals. i have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer. it is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting. i've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing, but it's hard to beat the price features and quality of the behringer pedals. 5this is a great music stand, i like how it's adjustable in various ways to customize it to the exact position you need it in.  it's very sturdy and well built.  i don't ever worry that it'll tip over.  i love it.  i would recommend it. 5i've been recording on my imac, ipod touch, ipad, and iphone for some time, using garage band. interfacing with the imac is easy, using various usb devices- i'm currently using a usb-equipped alesis preamp. ios device interface is a bit more difficult; it is possible to use usb preamps, with an externally powered usb hub, but that starts getting very complicated and messy.  i've been using simple devices like the 1k that  split the headphone/microphone jack into two separate cords, one for headphone, and one for guitar. the problem with this sort of configuration is that it's very easy to overload the microphone input, and the recording quality done this way is not very good. the apogee jam is a big improvement over this method for a number of reasons. first, it contains its own dedicated preamp and a/d, and because of that it delivers a wide dynamic range and excellent fidelity. interface issues are non-existent; plugged into both the ipad and iphone it was immediately recognized. i didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables.the jam is significantly more expensive than the simple interfaces, but on the whole i think it's worth it. it's simple to use, has no detectable latency, and delivers excellent sound quality. it does seem to draw a fair amount of current, and battery life  is shortened significantly when using this with an iphone. you'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. with the ipad, this isn't as noticeable. even with that issue, i think the jam is a good value.  the various ios devices are capable of making very high quality recordings, but only with quality input. given the cost of an new iphone or ipad, the cost of the jam is rather trivial in comparison. 5you get more than enough screws to install a front pickguard and a tremolo on your stratocaster, however this lacks the two longer screws near the bridge on the front pickguard. other than the two missing screws, this hardware is a great replacement for any missing or oxidized hardware on your stratocaster. 4if you have not used tortex picks before, i highly recommend giving them a try.  they are not flimsy plastic that cracks and splits like most of the tortoise shell picks you see.  these are much more flexible so they last forever.  the only reason i've ever needed to get a new one out of the package is because i lost the one i was using...just be aware that 0.50mm is really light for most players.  they do sell these in many different thickenesses and colors, so give order a few different ones to see what you like.  my favorite is the 0.70mm...  it has the perfect balance of flex and strength. 5wow.  i have been impressed with a lot of joyo's products, but their sweet baby overdrive was one that came highly recommended, and hasn't disappointed.  i held off a little bit until the price came down, but the truth is that this thing is worth every penny it's sold for, and then some.as the description says, this is a "mild overdrive".  it won't give you the "brown sound".  it's not meant for metal.  it's almost like adding a tube-amp "gain" knob to your existing rig, add subtle yet dynamic saturation and sustain to an otherwise clean tone.  chords and notes blend together beautifully without crunching up or fizzing out.  unlike many "tube" overdrive pedals, this thing has tons of volume on tap.  you can set the "drive" to 0 and still have a nice loud clean boost.  turn up the drive and it can do blues and rock.  but i think of it more as an enhancement to your clean tone, as opposed to an "effect" that transforms it.  in that respect, it actually reminds me of the boss od-3 overdrive, which is a vastly underrated pedal (though the od-3 probably offers more gain).the focus knob is interesting - it doesn't act exactly like a tone knob.  as you turn it up, it doesn't remove bass, but changes the gain structure a little and opens up the tone.  the lower settings are bluesy - the higher settings are bright and dynamic.  but chances are, both will sound good.there are some concerns you could have about the build quality - the switch may not be built to last 20 years, and having to remove 4 screws to get to the 9v jack is annoying.  i also wish they'd put the 9v adapter jack on top instead of the side.  but those are mostly minor gripes.  it's an excellent overdrive and an incredible value. 5when this arrived i didn't realize it was that small. thought it has to be so its out of the way. then i thought, this thing can't work very well, but it does perfectly. the first few times a used it, i wasn't expecting muchhowever, i couldn't more wrong it really works well and i would recommend this to family or friends. 5i love these strings. i get a much higher output , much better response and much better sound. great strings for just a little more. 5a good tool for study and applying to your music. keep on hand to help understand theory. also great for those starting out learning an instrument. 5i bought this because i was going on a trip and needed an amp i could pack in my suitcase that would work with a battery.i had a similar amp before that died. the honeytone is very compact, but looks cool and is very simple to operate, with just three controls, volume, tone and gain (distortion). i found that some level of distortion is necessary to have any volume. if you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. the trick is to balance the gain and volume for your instrument and situation. i tried a regular electric guitar, a lap steel guitar, a slide guitar, an acoustic-electric guitar, an acoustic-electric mandolin and a silent banjo. i thought the acoustic guitar would overwhelm this little amp, but i was surprised that it added to the projection and wasn't bad on the tone. it has a handy belt clip and a useless little leather handle (just for looks). i am using it to play an electric instrument in jamming situations where everyone else is playing acoustic, and i can adjust my volume to blend in. i think a mike with an unbalanced output (1/4&#34; phone jack) would also work in here, for street corner singing, for instance, though i haven't tried that yet as all my mikes use xlr jacks and there would be the issue of a mike stand or a lapel or headphone mike with a phone jack output, which might be hard to find.overall, i'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain. 5i got a few of these as a christmas gift and they're just bad.  i put them on my pedalboard where i previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  i have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  if i play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  awful. 1can't play any instrument that has wood pegs without having a small bottle of peg drops.  though i don't know why they don't put guitar type turners on violins, cellos and bases 4bought these for home karaoke and they work great. i also have a weekend dj business and these work well professionally. why spend more? my dj business includes up to 4 shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). i'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break. 5these strings are the best.  haven't found any others that sound and feel so good.  they lasted 3 years and i play nearly every day for hours.  go figure!  i actually thought i didn't need to change strings (still don't know for sure) because they still sounded so good and show no wear.  anyway i decided to change the strings because it's been so long.  happy that i did however. 5indeed, this little blue-lighted wonder will make you famous. not unlike the &#34;three wolf moon&#34; shirt, this little pedal will get you the ladies (or if you're a lady, it will likely get you the guys). either way, it gets you what you want! on top of that, it does a great job of boosting your signal from your guitar and getting you just a bit of &#34;oomph&#34;. in particular, i find it helpful when i'm running a lower output guitar through a long cable. did i mention it has a blue light? the only downside is that you have to open up the back (with a screwdriver, so put that on your shopping list if you don't have one) to adjust the little switches that chance the tone. 4this is what i have needed for many years. really well made, very sturdy and will last forever, and it is useful for all the guitar work i need to do. i think it is reasonably priced as well. thanks for a great product and good prompt service cheers !!! 5promptly received, nicely packaged with protective film on it.  little bit of fiddling with it to get the holes lined up, but overall a very nice part.  compliments my b/w/b pickgaurd nicely. open slot in the back much more convenient than the series of holes, normally found. 5i very recently bought this guitar for my young daughter based on the previous reviews.  she's joined the jazz band at her school and since she is smaller than the average 12 year old, she needed a smaller sized guitar.  it was packaged very well and it took a while just to get the guitar out of the packaging.  the only thing i have found so far that sort of disappointed me was that there were some dark stain blemishes on the white pick guard. trying to get the stains off with a damp paper towel didn't work so i took a special soft, damp sponge made to remove stains and gently rubbed it over the spots.  they came off but the finish on the plastic pick guard is dulled where i had rubbed the stains off.  that sort of irked me.  however, it didn't seem to bother my daughter nearly as much as it did me.despite the blemish episode, it fits her perfectly.  i tried to tune it using a clamp-on snark tuner.  that didn't work at all for some reason so we went to guitar center and bought an electric guitar tuner which you plug the cord into from the guitar.  that really worked well to tune the guitar.  the tuning pegs (gears) were stiff and a bit hard to turn.  when i change the strings i will adjust them to make them easier to turn.  the strings the guitar comes with are very cheap so i'll need to change those out soon for a much better set, but they'll have to do for now.i plugged the guitar to my old crate amp and it sounded pretty good.  the knobs on the front of the guitar turn well an did what they are supposed to do.  it's easy to control the tone and volume from the guitar without having to dicker much with the amp.  my daughter had a great time getting used to it.  she's a great classical guitarist (i teach classical guitar) so playing an electric guitar was a new experience for her.  my old strat is just too big and heavy for her and this black one looks good (despite the dullness that only i can see) on her and she was awesome playing jazz guitar in her school concert the other night.  since this guitar is so inexpensive and is just right for a smaller person, i really can't find anything major wrong to say about it.  i'm glad i bought it, just wish it didn't come with the stains.  it feels solid, well-constructed, and not very heavy.  i like playing it too!i've ordered a really good gig bag, new cord, a pignose amp just for her and of course, a bunch of new electric guitar strings.  she'll find the small stuff in her stocking this christmas!  i can't wait for us to do some mother and daughter electric guitar duets!! 4these acoustic strings are used on a laguna acoustic guitar. they are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. we've tried d'addario, brighter sound (d'addario acoustic guitar strings set, exp 80/20 lite), and martin, a little stiff (martin strings sp phosphor bronze 12.5-55 msp4150). in the end, these elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.as has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. the perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. for the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.on the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. fresh strings do sound better. it's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. but i'm not certain these last so much longer. we buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.june 15, 2010 update: elixir is a wonderful company. on my third or fourth sets of elixir strings, the g string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.the other amazing thing - i've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and i'm still very confused. the elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. ther is a two part video from the taylor factory on how to change strings. i swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. it is so simple and so reproducible. i love this technique.i'm a huge fan of these strings now! 5looks vintage but works great at a great price. as good or better than my monster cable for a lot less money! 5they are cheap when bought in the 3 pack and they are very quiet. i need to order a couple more packs though! 5trustable, quiet, good materials, durable, etc... maybe these are not the best when its about helping with the space on the pedalb bcuz of their large plug'heads', but they do a perfect job with my guitar signal...and honestly, for me, that's what i need... good stuff to have! 5nearly all of the reviews i read on these were very positive, and i concur. these are very nice, solid tuners, especially for the price.they do add a little noticable weight to the headstock, but it's not a problem. 5i've tried several &#34;portable amps&#34;.  for the price, the honeytone can't be beat.  it has volume, tone and overdrive knobs (the overdrive can go way too over, so easy on that one).  comes with a battery but can be connected to a 9v adapter (important note: reverse polarity, negative central).  interestingly i have found this amp seems to work significantly better with acoustic-electrics or piezo-based pickups better than magnetic pickups.  but for a small, portable, light-weight practice amp which one can hook to a belt and attach an earphone... they don't come much better.  it has a belt clip on the back but you'll have to supply your own earphones and 9v adapter if you want them.  battery is included. of course a guitar cable is a required extra.well worth the money. 5this mini telescoping boom is the bomb! it is built very well with long lasting parts. it looks very professional and works without any problems. it fit perfect on my new hercules mic stand and was ready to go. it holds your condenser mic very solid for a worry-free session. especially if you have an expensive heavy mic you want to protect without any question of durability. i'd say it it worth every penny if you prefer quality equipment in your studio. this one is definitely a hit! 5depends on what your looking for. is this a pog...nope, but it has some tricks up it's leave for the price. the only con i can give is when playing chords when dropping down (like a drop d) it doesn't always sound grant. bar chords work a little better 5what a great little gizmo. i play both acoustic and electric guitar at my church and there is only one input on the board for me. no more unplugging/plugging in-between songs. just a push on the pedal and i'm switching noiselessly between guitars. i can also adjust the input level for each guitar as well. 5i wanted to like this. i really did. the idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;perfect&#34;. however, the unit i received was cr@p, and i'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. the one i got kept cutting in and out. you might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. and when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. frustrating.i did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. the so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. bummer. any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?cheers 1i purchased this to teach myself to play a keyboard instrument.  this device has delivered everything i wanted and more. 5i am both a bass player and a fidelity freak, always fussing over tone settings. this tiny amp packs big sound for everything from a harmonica to a keyboard .... and even my bass. the cd input has no controls but is a very useful feature just the same. having behringer mics and a ub802 mixer, i banked on this being a good amp and was not disappointed. the 3-band tone controls do an excellent job of shaping sound to fit any instrument. no 15-watt amp will compete with live drums or outdoor settings.... and do not expect 2 instruments to sound perfect together, but for indoor practicing and intimate small crowds, this amp will impress you. every musician should have one of these around. money well spent! 5originally received the wrong item, but i contacted customer service and they returned my email that night (on a sunday) and said they would ship out the correct product the next morning.  i received the correct item in one day as well as a postage paid envelope to return the incorrect picks.  great customer service, and love the pics...the color in the pictures doesn't do it justice! 5i've been learning for a little over a year and have had this capo for about that long . though my playing still isn't very strong , the capo still is. i don't use it hardly at all but when i do i usually end up playing around with it quite a bit. my point being it gets tested more than the amount of times i use it. it's simply engineered of fairly heavy duty design so i don't expect any issue at anytime soon. 5these headphones get the job done. i like the build and design. very loud and great to use studio style headphones for my filmmaking needs. 5as stated in the title, this adapter is what you need if you use your danelectro a lot and are going through too many batteries. you can now plug it into the wall! as advertised, it keeps electric current hum to a minimum and has functioned fine for the year or so i've owned it. the reason i took off one star is because the wire is really thin and doesn't seem too durable, so because of this i have been very careful so it doesn't get broken. you might be able to find an off-brand adapter for cheaper but this one is made for the honeytone so you won't risk ruining it. 4after you have used this tool for the first time, you say to yourself,...&#34;why did i suffer all those years by doing this manually?&#34; i used to devote so much time to sitting there, winding forever by hand. with this winder, you are done in an amazingly short time. it also does such a precise job on installing the string around the posts, that on the bottom &#34;e&#34;, i did a double take -- it is almost invisible. thank you to the other guitarists who took the time to do their reviews on this one. re-stringing is now no longer the chore that i used to dread. not at all. 5...is a must if you have any of the danelectro/fab pedals.  as anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, this is the solution.  you get one of these and hook it up to a power splitter (search for visual sound one spot multi-plug 5 cable) and you are good to go for up to 5 pedals!  no more battery swaps, no more searching for a 9-volt every 5 minutes... 5this is the second tuner i have bought like this. i got it because i need a second tuner. they are very good tuners and i highly recomend any tuners this company makes. 5i had never owned an electronic tuner before, but have used the large models and the iphone apps.  this is a great product.  it is easy to use.  adjustable to virtually any stringed instrument.  i haven't banged it around, but have had no problems with durability.  bright, easy to read display.  i would highly recommend this for beginners to pros alike. 5i bought this for my daughters acoustic guitar so she could play through an amp. it fits very well and sounds great! 5works great - very good feel - we have it on carpet and it works well on the carpetmy wife loves it - if i needed two i would buy another 5i have tried several rosins for my violin.  of all of them, i especially like l'opera jade.  it leaves very little rosin dust on the violin.  yet it gives you the tone quality you are looking for. 5i have a home studio and needed extra cables for my three guitars and keyboard. i wanted to have them all plugged in and ready to go without having to switch cables all the time. so, i tried this cable and it works perfectly. very heavy cord and top quality construction. can't beat the price either. will buy again. 5not much to it, does what it should, holds a standard mic. pivots in 1 direction only. not the best build quality in the world (actually fairly thin plastic) but for $5 what else can you ask for? should last a few months at least. 4it's great if you need to quickly drop your hats, but not the other way around. i bought this drop clutch because it was cheap, and i was on a budget. overall its build is solid, the only problem i have with it is having the clutch lock back into place. 3works great 5bought because cheap and trying to keep my electric guitar strings in good shape if i decide to pick it up again. 4easy to use - it was easy to put the picks in and to take the picks out of it. 5as i said on my last dunlop strap reviewi love the dunlop guitar straps not expensive strong and sturdy just a great product i have 4 or 5 of them.when i buy a guitar i buy a dunlop strap and strap locks always to protect my investment. 5works great, just what i needed to have to walk all over the room. now i sit in my chair 5exceeded my expectations on quality and price.  when i saw the deal on amazon, i thought it would be low quality harmonicas, but they are good quality. 5works as it shoukd, better instructions could come with it with a larger size text. also how to open to replace battery as well as the specs on the battery are lacking. 4its nice and easy to use.  secures the strings very good and works for all types of guitars with no issues. 5the eminence patriot cannabis rex is probably the smoothest sounding guitar speaker i've ever heard.  period.this does not mean that it's dull sounding or muffled at least, not if you hearing is still good.  i hesitated quite a bit before i decided to buy it and install it in my fender mustang ii but my worries were for naught. incredibly, it tamed the icepick highs without losing the shimmer and clarity of my clean sounds.  yet, for overdrive sounds, there is very little fuzziness - just a big full and fat sound that's articulate without being buzzy.  if you play metal you'll probably hate this speaker but if you like bluesy, classic rock and jazzy sounds, this is a speaker to seriously consider.  i turned my mustang ii into an open back combo and the cannabis rex gave the amp the low end extension that it needed.  i had to turn the treble control up a bit more but unlike most amps, it never got shrill or piercing, just buttery smooth and clear. it's also much more efficient than the stock speaker at 102db@1w/1m.i don't know how eminence did it but i love it! 5tunes by sound or vibration thats all i use it for the vibration mode is really nice. buy one its convenient 5what is there to say. if you're looking at this cable, then you must have some knowledge of tone loss. simple, if you want a studio quality cable that gives you top notch tone signal, buy mogami. i have owned hundreds of cables and nothing in this price range touches mogami. sure you can buy the expensive analysis plus pro and evidence audio cables. but you will not hear a difference. lifetime warranty and you won't be replacing it any time soon. works flawlessly for live situations and in the studio. all i own are mogami cables. check out the silent plug for your guitar cable cord. goodbye pops and noise. 5many similar products for much more money do not do as well as these simply designed easy to use & install hangars. they are reliable (so far), they do not hurt anything on your instrument, & i am using one for my heavy fretless bass as well as my guitars & violin! how self adjusting can they be!? apparntly - quite! 5this is a great basic mic stand for live and studio use, although i don't suggest using this and playing guitar. great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. it does not come with a mic clip, so you'll need to get one. it's a great deal, buy it! 5pretty simple, not much review needed for a cut and dry product like this.  good quality xlr cable that works 100% fine.  i'm happy with this purchase. 5monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. this isnt their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. you cant go wrong with monster cables. 5this is just your typical nylon strap (a bit stiff, but durable).  i love the celtic design enough to use this strap, but ordinarily i prefer higher quality materials than the nylon and plastic construction (with leather ends).  the leather is also a bit stiff, but not so stiff that it's not functional or reliable.  if dunlop made this in cotton and steel, i'd pay 4x as much for it... 3i bought two to run from my amp to a lone pedal effect that i use with my bass.  the 90 degree ends go to the pedal and it makes for a non-intrusive smart looking setup.  i'm pleased.  i've owned them for a few months now.  no issues at all and they look good. 4this pick is great for strumming. some people are complaining about the grip but they are better than celluloid picks in that regard. if you are looking for the best grip you need to find a pick that has a textured grip. 4i have found that everything schaller make's is grade a-#1 in my book. made in germany ( not china ) these locks are fast and secure. i like the way they slide on & off which if your like me having to change guitar's during a show or just at home, the change is smooth and safe. no dropping guitar's around here !!! i have them on all my guitar's. 5very nice tone, very nice metal sound, very crunchy and deep. well worth it for the price, on par with other way more expensive pedals. definetly buy the power supply with it though, it just makes it better and easier to use. very nice product overall 5i recently bought a few packs of jazz iiis and i was shocked.  they don't play at all like what i was expecting.  under high magnification the edge doesn't look the same as the old jazz iii either, and they don't play the same if you turn them over!!!  what's up with that?i'm sorry to give such a poor review to a great brand like dunlop.  let's hope this is just a short-term fluke. 2if your like me and have a big dreadnaught, especially one with a spruce top and a scalped x bracing, you should really get these strings. they bring out the brightness my guitar was hiding with the d'daddarios and they are about the same price. best of all they last extremely long, but i've broken a few strings over the past months. overall great strings and pretty consistent. 5this is a very nice way to get rid of all those wall warts and batteries for your pedals. easily powers my 6 pedals and adds no noise to the signal path. simple, effective,works as advertised. the extra adapters are a nice touch. get one, you'll be happy you did. 5i got this to use on an old mac computer to allow me to use some equipment that needed more than a line level output. it works great for that. haven't used it for anything else, though, so cant comment there. seems sturdy and well made as well. 5this pick is so good to play electric guitar! it is heavy and small, what gave us attack. make the sound clean and bright. 4this is hands down the most comfortable strap i own.  i am pretty sure it is really a bass strap but i use it on my electric guitars and it is superbly comfortable.  not cheap but keep looking to see if there is a sale or a demo model.  worth the wait. 5this cable is really good for the price! i have been using creepy cables that makes noises when plugged into the amp but this one keeps it quiet. would like to purchase another one in the future. buy it! it's worth it 5i am impressed at the thought that was put into the design of this product; i bought one for my daughter and one for me; great deal for a great product! 5it's a very cute little capo. it works great on my ukulele and mandolin but of course it's hard to use because when you get into the higher frets the frets are very small. but it works. 5this pedal is beyond loud. it's to the point where if you crank this pedal with a 15 watt amp with an 8&#34; speaker, you will get noise complaints from the end of your neighborhood. to match it up with the clean tone that i get out of my amp, i have to set the level in between 1 and 2. 4i ordered this bench for last christmas (2005). i'm satisfied so far. good value for money.the seat is generously padded and is 2.5 inches thick. padding material is not too soft, and that is good in my opinion.all-steel frame construction feels sturdy.contrary to one of the reviews, my bench came with height adjustment (it is not on-the-fly kind of thing, though). each of the legs has 3 holes (low, middle, high). a fixing bolt goes through one of the holes for both of the legs, and the bolt becomes the crossing point of "x". three positions roughly correspond to 18, 19 and 20 inches.for changing height, all you have to do is to loosen and remove the fixing bolt, insert it into whichever hole you like and then tighten it. don't worry, you don't need any tool to do the job,  thanks to a large plastic knob. see the picture and you'll understand how it works.mine initially came with middle position. i also tried high and low, but set it back to middle. it seems to be a good compromise for my family, as the bench is used daily by me, my wife and my kids. sure it's nicer if you can change the height quickly and easily. however, with this price, i wouldn't complain at all. 5i bought these because i couldn't see spending $4.50 a dozen at the local music store. i figure 12 dozen will last me for years. get them for yourself if you use and lose picks like i can easily do. 5i am a fan of joyo-  i own the vintage od, the ultimate drive, the sweet baby, the us dream,  the crunchbox clone, and this one.  this is probably my least favorite joyo pedal.  i'm giving it 3 stars for the fuzz it delivers on the cheap, but the octive leaves much to be desired.  i have read that there is a simple mod that will correct the octive issue.  apparently, one of the components is installed in a reversed positon, which results in the lackluster octive.  i haven't taken mine apart for the fix, but i read that it's just unsolder, flip, and resolder the same component.  you can google it for better instructions.  still, this ain't bad for the pocket change they charge.  the reason i haven't fixed it yet is i have the feeling that once i mod it, it will sound just like my dano french toast- albiet with a sturdier case and true bypass- 3i ended up ordering this cable to connect a 535q wah into a dyna comp on my pedaltrain 2 board. it's the perfect length, as the 1/2 foot cable was just a little bit too short. since then, i've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard. 4i used this on the side of a wooden bookshelf for my ukulele.  it's attractive.  it's well made. it's fork is a tad large for the ukulele  it has rubber o-rings that slide, so i can bring them in and the uke does fit then.  but then, even the three inch deep uke is close to the bookcase (or wall, if you use it there).  the uke hits when i put it in the hanger, so i put a felt pad where the uke body hits the bookcase.many uke players simply nail a single nail in the wall and use a loop off string from it around the uke head and tuners.  this is much less expensive, holds very well, is even more low profile than this hanger, and never drops a uke. consider it for your needs.i'd not buy another of these for a ukulele.  it likely works fine for a guitar, though.i deducted one point for the fact that, even though it's adjustable (the o-rings), and advertised for ukes, it doesn't work well for them.  and it's heavy and not stylish, in my opinion.  i have the hercules wall hanger (mechanical gripper) for my electric guitars, and it's fabulous (for guitars; overkill for lightweight ukuleles, maybe).hercules stands wallmount guitar hanger gsp39wbupdate 9/7/11: the more i use it, the less i like it.  i find that friction tuner ukuleles do not fit on it well at all, and the tuners hit the fork and it can make your uke out of tune.  so, for small instruments (you'd have to try it yourself with mandolins and banjos), this is atrocious.  for guitars, it's not as good as hercules. 3i was really looking forward to receiving this amp. i read the positive reviews and the ampeg name carries some weight. unfortunately, from the moment i plugged it in there was this phaser-like effect to the sound. i tried different basses with it. i tried different cables with it. i tried using it in different places, away from computers and fluorescent lights. i tried all different combinations of all of those things and still the spacey phase-shifter sound came out. i tried all different knob and eq settings as well. nothing helped. so, i'm returning it and hoping i just got a bad egg and that the next one will be better. i used to work for an amp manufacturer so i know these things happen and i don't think less of ampeg, (at least not yet).i really hope it's a better amp because the amp itself looks wonderful. for $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a cd in, a line out for hooking up to a pa and a headphone out for quiet practice. it also just looks cool and very pro. my intention is to use this for a monthly "bistro" gig where the volume is low and the area is pretty small, so this seems absolutely perfect if i get one that performs like all the other reviews i see here.i have to say, buying from amazon is the only way to buy these things online. they immediately started the process of shipping me a new one as soon as i filled out the return ups label. if there is a choice between amazon.com and other vendors, and even if amazon is a couple bucks more, i recommend using amazon. the customer service is so easy and immediate it's worth the piece of mind.i'll update this review when i get the new amp later this week.i upgraded my review based on the replacement i received...see below... 5as the reviews herein have indicated, there is a wide variety of uses for studio monitor like the m-audio bx5.  with the proper cables, you can hook up everything from an ipad, to a home computer, to a musical instrument or stereo.  i will preface this review by saying that i am no &#34;audiophile&#34;.  i have a basic understanding of speaker and musical equipment, but my primary goal here was to find a small speaker that i could use to monitor guitar playing through either a preamp pedal or ipad modeling software.with those goals in mind, i was pleasantly surprised how good the bx5 sounded.  the goal of any &#34;studio monitor&#34; is to convey as much of the true sound of the source material as possible without coloring the tone with additional equalization.  there are some monitors in a comparable price range like the rokkit 5 and options from mackie and jbl - i have not tried those out.  but the bx5 performs we well or better than i hoped.for guitar playing, i use it in close proximity on a desktop.  i found that it had a surprising amount of low end punch for a 5&#34; woofer, given that my fender tube amp has a speaker twice the size!  the bass is tight and articulate, which is what you want.  again, if your goal is just to drown out the sound with additional base, go get a pair of beats headphones or hook up a dozen subwoofers to it.  that wasn't really my goal.  but all that aside, having enough low end was important to me, and the bx5 delivers.  using modeling of &#34;fender&#34; and &#34;vox&#34; type amplifiers, it also handled the high end &#34;chime&#34; well without sounding &#34;tinny&#34;.i should note that i got an xlr (microphone) cable that converts to trs on the other side.  i had heard/read that this was the best way to get a guitar signal into the thing, though there are likely adapters and other cables you could use to accomplish the same thing.  there are both xlr and trs inputs on the back.  the monitor is powered, so there's a power cable, as well.  there is a volume knob, but no independent bass/treble adjustment, as on other monitors.  so if you want that, look elsewhere, but if the monitor is actually relaying most of source tone, you shouldn't be using it anyway.  really enjoying my bx5 so far, wish i had the budget/space for a 2nd one! 5pedal infaltable!! es muyy bueno!! tiene todo lo que se necesita en un delay!! como solo boss lo sabe hacer!! 5it's as good as it looks. with that in mind, it's perfect. it's not very sturdy if you're using it outdoors and it's windy but hey, what do you expect from the way it looks? 5sorry fender...this one is just a waste of money.  get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots. 1this cable arrived today and i am still in shock! it's truly amazing. the best by far patch cable i have ever used, or even seen in 25 years of guitar playin.huge value! buy one now! 5it's not bad. it would be better if i bought one large enough for my finger. still, i'd rather stick with a copper slide. 3cheaply made but functional. keep a couple of these in the bag as spares.they will be handy if you- know- who shows up to the gig without a strap. 5i have the original version of this capo and it works just fine as does this one.  however, it seems theu have made a slight modification which increases its value from my viewpoint.  yhey have added a channel on the capo onto which slides a bracket which is included.  this bracket holds the ns micro tuner, of which i have 3.  i had considered anther capo which came with a tuner for certain applications.  however, now, this ingenious little bracket enables me to use a tuner in tandem or not depending on my need.  a simple modification, but bordering on genius.  the capo itdelf id wuite capable as it is a spring attached capo with a micro adjustment screw/spring which can be helpful with guitars that go sharp when a capo is employed.  highly recommended. 5without going over the fiscal cliff these cables worked very well in my 7-pedal guitar effect lineup.no noticeable hiss, hum or buzzing. clean & quiet.good buy for the price. 4i purchased this key on a whim.  when it arrived the instructions were not clear, but i sat the dial to #2, loosened all of the lugs on my floor tom and went around my lugs using opposing lug patterns, and tested the first cut of tuning. too loose and deep, so i increased the setting to #3 and repeated.  almost the sound i wanted, so i used a regular key and went an eighth turn using the same pattern.  perfect.  i then started on the next largest tom, working back to the smallest.  using the #3 setting plus an eighth turn i got my toms 1/2 octave apart.next i worked on my snare drum, starting with the snare side, then the batter side. i used #4 on the batter side and #5 on the snare side, and managed to get the crisp, yet warm, sound i wanted. the bass drum came next - i set the batter side tension 1 notch below the resonant side and achieve a great tuning. from there i went back and set the resonant sides of each of my four toms one notch higher than the batter side and marveled at the perfect tuning i attained.this is an easy device to use - with the lever facing you move it to the left, loosen all of your lugs, then tighten each starting with one or two. when the lever clicks and moves to the right position you have reached the torque setting.  test, increase a notch if necessary, and repeat until you get the sound you want. set the resonant heads either one notch higher or lower to make sure the batter and resonant heads do not cancel each other (and to your desired sound), and you will have a perfectly tuned set.i'll never go back to tuning by ear!  you'll be amazed by the results if you tune with this key, and don't forget to write down your optimum settings. 5width and padding are good for heavier guitar (currently being used on a les paul). finish, stitching, and adjustments are quality.the only issue i had was needing super human strength to push onto the strap pegs.you might want to unscrew and screw pegs back on with the strap in place...but that means the guitar is very secure, so i am very happy. 5just received the cable, it sounds clear, doesn't feel like it is made of the best materials, i just got this cable today so i can't really comment on how durable it is and how long it will last, so far i tend to believe it is a decent cable for the price, i don't use a microphone very often so this cable should last a while. so far it is working well, i would buy another one if i needed it, the price is right, 3very nice guitar picks for the very fair price.  i like them very much.  of course i am just a beginner. 4this is purely an overdrive pedal, not a distortion pedal.  it increases the gain and dirties your tone, but it does not actually distort your sound.if you're a metal or hard rock player, don't buy this.  it's better suited for country, soul, r&b;, blues, or even jazz players who want to boost their volume and umph when they're doing a solo.  for that it's excellent, especially considering its very low price.and despite its very low price, it's very solidly built.  it's like a brick.this update is to point out that i've only used the bad monkey pedal with tube amps: a fender blues deville 4x10 and a line 6 spider valve hd100 mk ii running into an ampeg 4x12.  i have no idea how it'll sound with a solid state amp.  but it sounds great with a tube amp.this update is to point out that i finally tried it with a solid state amp and it sounds pretty darn good.  i recently bought a 100 watt fender mustang iii combo to use as a practice amp.  it perfectly compliments my fender blues deville 410/fender mustang floorboard combination.  as i've said, i use the bad monkey as a boost for soloing.  whether i'm playing clean or dirty, the bad monkey gives my guitar a rich/deep/great sounding boost.this update is to reiterate how awesome this pedal is.  i rarely play directly through any of my amps, e.g., fender hot rod deluxe, blues deville, super champ x2 or ampeg b25, i'll turn down the gain on the bad monkey and use it for a much fatter "clean" sound.  it's just so thick, like texas chili with lots of umph.  you've got to get this pedal. 5these stay connected, but aren't so wide that they change the style of picking.  i like them, and so does my music teacher.  we try to stay stocked in these picks. 5this bag is made well enough. if you are careful it offers good protection. you can't rely on this bag alone if you are going to toss the guitar around and you certainly can't stack anything on it but it will prevent dings and scratches from occasional bumps etc. if your guitar is priceless than you should upscale your gig bag, otherwise it's a good bag, especially at this price. 5i have tried many picks in my 25+ years of guitar playing and this one is by far the best. i have been using dunlop for the most recent years, but these are the best. the carbon fiber of these dunlop jazz iii make them as long lasting as you want - when playing rock (slides and picking) they are better than any other material, and still very comfortable for softer rythms and styles like blues or jazz. their grip is excellent and they feel awesome. gotta try them! highly recommended. cheers! 5i have yet to install this neck, but have purchased enough necks over the years to have a really good idea of what to expect. there is little to no evidence of corners being cut, just to start. materials and labor all look good to great. measuring for fit and specifications is on the money. not having the mounting screw holes drilled is actually a plus as most &#34;econo necks&#34; seem to be off by at least 1/8.&#34; i'd rather have the trouble of drilling them from scratch than having to plug them with dowels and re-drill. frets look good, and nut looks good. until i can install it, i can only really vouch for 4/5 stars.long story short is this neck looks better than many i've had that cost 2x as much, or more. unless it has a twist or hump, it actually earns the 5th star. even if the frets need a little cleanup, it still earns the 5th star. while some may not like the flatter radius, i'd argue that it makes it easier to get the frets in so that they aren't as much of an issue. and it is clearcoated - maybe not a nice amber finish, but most more expensive necks may have no finish at all. so again, another reason for the 5th star. 4i really like this tuner.  it works very well.  once you understand what you are supposed to be looking for on the tuner (ie., the moving black squares to no longer move),  then tuning is a simple and accurate thing.  it works great on all of my guitars, acoustic and electric.  comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it.  it cause a few bucks, but i think it is so much better than the other less expensive clip ons, that it is worth it. 5i really like this strap, it's comfortable, adjusts easily, and the pick holder is really convenient.  this is my second one for my other guitar. 5this gauge is perfect for my 1970 gibson j-50. the phospher-bronze alloy wrap brings out hidden tonal "snap" in this old, rather heavily-braced guitar. the may be too bright for a lighter instrument, but they really shine on my old guitar. 5i have reviewed these strings before, and frankly, i wasn't all that impressed with the tone the first time around. i think they feel great on the fingertips and they're very playable, especially for a picker, but i just wasn't sold on the tone. to be fair, i only tested them on a few of my dreadnought guitars, and found them lacking. there seemed to be a drop-ff in tone when switching from my usual strings (martin sps) to these.so this time, i decided to try them on a much smaller guitar. i have a yairi alvarez ay-20, which is a 000 sized guitar, and they sound terrific. i'm no engineer or physicist, so i really can't explain the mechanics of it all, but they definitely sounded much better on a much smaller guitar body, and they produce a very clear, bright tone across the higher range, and hold their own on the low range.i still don't think they're the best thing since sliced bread, and i still think they're a bit overpriced, but i have no complaints about the quality other than the fact that the coating seems to wear off sooner than i would expect. this seems to have no effect on the tone, but for what these cost, you'd think the coating would last a lot longer than two months (i play daily for at least 30 minutes a day).overall, these are good (but overpriced) strings that definitely work well on certain types of guitars. you'll just have to experiment to see which guitars sound good with them, and which don't. in my experience, large body guitars lose tone, but they sound great on a smaller body. 4these are exactly what the doctored ordered. i have one setup to mic my guitar amp, and another setup to mic my voice for doing guitar video exchanges. they are excellent quality for the money. 5it's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes i wonder if it fits too tightly, as when i use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes i feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well. 4wanted to review this pedal because i felt some of the other reviews were a little lukewarm.  distortion is incredibly subjective-it depends on your rig and your tastes. but the badass '78 by mxr is a very nice pedal for a decent price.  it doesn't do metal or super high-gain, but offers some nice classic rock tones and can be quite warm if you back off on the tone knob. the crunch button adds brightness and volume and may or may not be too harsh for your setup.  however, the tone knob does do a pretty good job of rolling back the high end, especially if you activate the "crunch" button.the build quality seems to be pretty good, though i should note that while the pedal is the same size as other mxr pedals, it is significantly lighter.  i suppose this could make it more susceptible to denting and damage if it travels, but it should be plenty durable for 95% of users.  i really like the switch on this one too, it's easy to press and clearly clicks "on" once depressed.  one minor annoyance if you use the "crunch" setting is that the blue light (which is annoyingly bright like an led headlight) stays on even when the pedal itself is off.  this can be quite distracting if you rely on the lights on your pedal board to tell you which effects are on.  not really a major gripe that detracts from the pedal's quality, but a frustrating design decision.basically, if you get the right setup, you'll get great tone.  i got this pedal specifically to try and find a better alternative to the boss ds-1, which lacks mids and can sound harsh/abrasive.  the mxr '78 badass is definitely superior in that regard, but a lot will depend on your rig and settings.  i find that this pedal really excels on playing single notes on the lower strings (think "walk this way" by aerosmith, or "hangingaround" intro by counting crows).  and if you pair it with a fat tubescreamer or other overdrive pedal, you could probably thicken it up a bit for higher solos.  great pedal! 5as a freelancer, i occasionally work with a band that plays the midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis.  these are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet.  it's all about money to them.  i couldn't believe it when i first saw the group using these nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as shure sm-57's and 58's.  i still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much).  but these nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.i'm a keyboardist, so mic power and fidelity don't affect me.  i'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important "gear component."  at the same time, my embarrassment, i confess, is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee.  after all, who's playing--and getting paid for it? 4i like this a lot better than others that i have.  easy on and off and stays put. it's worth the money. 5i am running 4 big speakers it is working fine not sure it it is 1400 watts but runs a pair of 750 peak super pro 15 inch speakers and a pair of 12 road gear subs so far i get a big punch aout of it . i tough i had to buy two of this but one works fine. i am running a dj karaoke system. i also got a pyle pro 4 channel mixer and they work fine get cables it only comes with power cable. item received looks diferent i say better. 5if you are looking for a compact size pickup this is it.  i've tried it on my fiddle and a mountain dulcimer.  it is great for a quick way to get electrified.  lead wire is not very substantial, but if it breaks in the future hopefully i can just buy another one.  to get the best sound you should probably run this unit thru a preamp. 5if you're in the need for a guitar capo, then this is a pretty good offering. for it being pretty cheap, i had to get it. shipping was fairly fast, and it's ready to use straight out of the package. :d 5not too much to say about a cable.  it worked out of the box...no shorts or noises. the jacket on the straight plug was partly unscrewed and that's a continuing problem with these cords.  i use some thread-lock on them.  i find the right angle plugs useful for lots of things. 4i brought for someone else. but they said they love it. so i am a happy camper i did it right. 5these really are direct replacements for the prs se line. only the machine heads are somewhat smaller. a great product. 5recommend this to anyone!we have a mobile church which means we need sturdy and inexpensive.  i believe we found our ultimate match with this mic stand. 5theses strings really have a good tone and tremolo stability greatly improves!!! the heavy bottons 32, 42 and 52 adds a boom in the tone. the others, 10, 13 and 17 are nicely and decent tone also. i don't rate it 5 stars for the lack of vci. when i opened the pack there were no plastic anti corrosion protection. the high strings were plenty of flakes. if fender solved that it would be perfect. 4i do not have much to say about this. it does what it was designed to do and it looks fine.i found myself actually trying to see if it will rip, for the purposes of this review. just so i could make some sort of comment about it... you can rip it if you try, but it's not likely to happen during everyday use.it's fairly thick. if that isn't what you want then i would look elsewhere. this should be fine for nearly everyone who doesn't have a very specific reason for a different sort of windscreen. 5purchased these strings after having tried the blue steel strings.  my son much prefers the elixir strings. they last a lot longer than the blue steel strings did and he says the elixir sound better, too. 5how much can you say about a little piece of rubber that sticks on your mic stand???  first, it a great price - about the same as a big mac (lol).  second, it fits great & does exactly what it's supposed to do.  third, now that i use a pick holder i wonder why i never did so before.i do have a tendency to break, drop or even wear-out picks when playing and this handy little device reduces the imnpact of this tendency.  i have some solid / heavier weighted stands that "stand-up" to a quick grab of a pick from this holder.  but when using one of my cheaper /lighter tripod-style stands i make sure i'm careful to lightly or barely insert the picks into the holder so i don't pull the whole stand down when extracting a pick.great product - "couldn't live without it" (lol), and it's not the manufacturer's fault i have some cheap light-weight stands....  if you're looking for a pick holder i can't think of any reason not to try this one. 5a breeze to install on my mac mini, simple to use with garageband. the bad reviews here are bizarre, written by inept people who either can't handle the install or have a buggy pc or os. i was up and running 5 minutes after i tore off the shrink wrap from the packaging.there's plenty of specs/details/videos on the interwebs about this software, go do some research, see if you like it. it's way better than the drum kits that come with garageband and there's plenty of kits to expand with. i got the vintage rock kit and i love it - almost as much as i love pizza, which i will marry some day. i like a cheese pizza. some call it "plain" but with the right blend of sauce, cheese and crust, there's nothing plain about it - it's somewhat complex, much like myself. we are a perfect match, pizza and me. we go together like shoo bop shoo wadda wadda yipitty boom de boom. i'm not exclusively a thin crust guy, sometimes i dig something a bit thick or an all out deep dish.the only weak point in this pizza i mean software is that you can't do a cymbal swell. apparently, it's the same with all these virtual kits, regardless of brand, but it would be nice if someone (toontrack) would address it by including a "side stick" attack on the crashes. if you try to do a cymbal swell, you hear the initial stick-on-cymbal "ting" with each attack, so it's kind of a "ting-ting-ting-ting" sound instead of "bwooooosssshhhhh." i'm sure i can find a bwoosh loop without a ting-ting. bwoosh loop - no ting-ting. do i get a fortune cookie with that?pizza time!ohhh, myyyy loooove... my darlin'... i hun-ger for.... your crust.... 4the fact of the price for this and the 18 cent shipping is pretty damn good because i have 2 silverstone ss-11's and a stratocaster and i took parts of of one ss-11 to fix the other then i bought these strings for it fixed it up and now that guitar sounds better and less (buzzy) than the strat also pretty cool how it came with free picks which is nice becuase i lose them alot and one side of my thumb feels like a brick and the other side feels like a pillow anyways great product nice little thank you note and free picks and really cheap shipping i will buy more later to fix my other guitar when i get the bridge nuts replaced 5the tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. my only complaint is the little kickstand on the back, doesn't hold it at an angle that i find very usable.  otherwise? a fine product that i expect to last for years. korg makes great tuners. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. if any of the three of them were to ever be lost or stolen, i'd replace them in a heartbeat with exactly the same models. 4i expected this to be a good mic but it's amazing how much different the quality is over your standard desk mic. 4i've had one of these for several years and it has proven to be cheap, durable, and reasonably accurate.  i own several different tuners and what i like about this one is that the microphone works well and is accurate for tuning an acoustic guitar.  batteries last a long time if you turn the tuner off after you use it.  at ten dollars, i think it's a no-brainer.  it's the perfect size and price to throw one in every gig bag you own. 5i put these in my ibanez ew acoustic-electric as a cosmetic upgrade and the tone and sustain is absolutely amazing, not to mention they look fantastic. they fit like they were made for this bridge but rubbed a bit of pine tar in the holes with a q-tip to make sure they seated fully. absolutely tickled with the look and performance. very highly recommend 5i've been using this for a month or so and it works as described.  some people rate this above the snark devices, but i cannot.if i were to choose, i'd go for the snark but this is still an acceptable tuner. 4i've been using primarily alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. i figured i'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.these were the first to go on, and they were a huge step down from what i had on. the strings i took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high e string. they were twice as loud as these. when you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. they don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. the cons definitely outweigh the pros here.pros:-very flexible, string bends are easy-easy on the fingerscons:-the most dull sound of any strings i've ever heard. especially on the low end. they're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. the highs are very tinny. almost sounds like a bad recording.-your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. it's the weirdest thing. this is especially true for the g string. it's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. anyways, it sucks. grip is the last thing you want on your strings.bottom line: unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. i'll never buy again. this is the first time in my life i wanted to change brand new strings. 2i've used these elixir strings for years and i would never change.  these have an excellent tone and last four times as long as the others. 5i bought a rogue mandolin from a friend (who bought from amazon but did not have time to even play it) for only 25$, still brand new, never played.i have owned and played many other mandolins (about a dozen), this one is mainly for me to practice my mandolin setup skills. the mandolin is not playable in its brand new state (not in tune, action too high, lower action will result in string buzzes). and this is quite typical for a new mandolin without a proper setup. i went thru all the necessary steps (almost like a luthier would do) and it came out sweet. it now has very low action, no string buzz, very good intonation. one can find info about mandolin setup on the web. it's quite tedious work.this will be my beater mandolin, at 25$, nothing can beat it.it stay in tune long enough for me to play one hour straight without having to re-tune. so this is more than adequate for daily practice. often times, it even stay in tune the next days. i may consider replacing the tuner machines with better one. the finish on this model has some blemish (some small black spots on top the sunburst color), but only if you look really close, i would consider this as defects if the mando cost a few hundred, at less than 40$, no problem at all.of course, this mandolin is no match for more expensive models/brands (such as kentucky) but i gave it a 5 stars based on its high performance / cost ratio.if you don't know how to setup mandolin, then be prepared to pay 60$ to 80$ for a professional setup (which is a must, otherwise the mandolin is hard to play and does not play in tune). some reviews gave this mandolin a bad rating due to this lack of knowledge (that's unfair). all brand new mandolins require setup (at this expense), unless the store did the setup and charge a higher price for it.if you are lucky to know someone who can setup for free, that would save you the cost of two mandolins like this !!! 5the tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. the screen could be a little brighter. otherwise, no complaints. 4this is a 5 star stand, considering the price. sure, it's not as sturdy as one costing a lot more, but it does what it's supposed to do without any problems.  i don't forsee any mechanical issues because the construction seems solid enough.  it's a music stand, so i don't see how it would take a lot of abuse. 5provides a great finish with a nice glossy shine.  does not leave streaks if used properly.  this dries quickly every time. 5great pedal- very lush and usable tones. think "lightning crashes" by the band "live". ok, i was going to initially give it 4 stars because of the following reasons:  plastic knobs, foot switch does not 'click', very miniscule volume drop with engagement (actually, i moved the pedal to a different spot in my signal chain and i *think* that resolved the volume issue, but i can't tell-  i guess if it is too close to tell, then it's a non issue !). then i performed a reality check on myself and looked at the price again.  metal enclosure.  works like a charm.  twenty four tax free bucks and free shipping.  it gets 5 stars because there is nothing even close at this price. 5these are good quality cables at an economical price. the difference between hosa, and my high end cables are barely noticeable. the cable shipped fast, and i couldn't be more pleased. 5very good for a quick tune up. might be a little to tight for checking intonation. very fast readout and fast on off. 4i really like this tuner.  i have always liked the planet waves tuners for ease of use and accuracy.  this mini tuner takes all i like about the larger planet waves model and makes it ultra compact.  it fits nicely on smaller intstruments such as mandolin and any instrument with headstocks that don't readily accept the larger tuners (banjo, telecaster etc.).  i currently have 2 of these and find them very reliable and accurate.  easy to read.  easy to see.another winner from planet waves.  (almost forgot to mention one other thing that is nice about this tuner is its stealth ... it can hide behind the headstock so you won't be concerned with it being always clipped on and it won't interfere with the look of your instrument). 5this harmonica is great for beginners, or professionals. i know a couple professional players who prefer this nifty harmonica over the more expensive ones. highly recommended. plays, sounds, feels and looks great. also comes with a little note sheet 5if you're looking for an inexpensive leather strap, this one will do nicely. leather is supple, not hard, and it looks great with natural finish guitars. my only complaint is that it is difficult to attach at first (holes are smaller than usual, probably an anomaly). so for the price of polypropylene or cotton, you can upgrade to leather. 4i'm a little surprised at this one. just today i was emailed confirmation that the picks were shipped, and i found them in my mail box the same day. i like fender mediums because i use them on both bass and guitar. good picks! clean edges, good feel, good duribility, nice tone. 4let's get a few things straight from the start - i love effects pedals.  i love the idea of a handcrafted boutique pedal (and have owned a few), and i'll also play the mass-produced boss and ibanez stuff.  and if you put foreign/no-name brand in front of me, but the pedal is made well and sounds good, i'll play that too.  all you need to know is that this pedal is well-constructed and sounds darn good for 40 dollars.joyo is a chinese company that essentially has makes their own form factor (a heavy-duty metal box with an mxr-like button switcher), and then clones/mimics/copies circuitry of popular boutique pedals that cost anywhere from $100 to $250.  and they've figured out how to ship them to the u.s. and sell them for $40 to $60 each.  i've recently discovered these pedals, and if money/pedalboard space were no issue, there's probably 8 to 12 of them i'd like to own.the "star" of the joyo lineup, however, is arguably the jf-02 ultimate drive.  this pedal got some notoriety a few years back when an american company bought them in bulk, repainted them, and tried to sell them for almost $200.  the fact that they thought they could get that much for it tells you something about the quality.the pedal this is supposedly clone off of is the fulltone ocd overdrive, a boutique pedal that came out several years ago, and usually sells from around $150.  i own that pedal, and i've done a side by side comparison on my pedal board.  and while tone is extremely subjective, i'm not sure that i wouldn't go with the joyo ultimate drive in a blind test.  while the 3-knob, lo/hi switch are clearly inspired by the fulltone ocd, the pedals actually sound quite different.  with the exact same settings, the fulltone will actually sound much brighter.  that's really saying something because the fulltone is known as having a very well-rounded tone with a defined base.  well, the ultimate drive offers even more bass and mids, yet the tone knob can brighten it up quite a bit without losing that bottom end.it's actually extremely versatile.  i'm not sure that it would do low-gain "crunch" sounds very well, but if that's what you want, consider the joyo vintage overdrive, the joyo crunch distortion, or a tubescreamer.  right now, i have three pedals that are fairly similar and offer a great "overdriven marshall" tone: the fulltone, the ultimate drive, and the marshall gv-2 guv'nor.  while they are all great pedals, the joyo really hits the sweet spot on my vox combo amp (using a gibson les paul).as for soloing/lead play, i'm noticing all types of pick attack/harmonic response with the joyo that i don't get with other stompboxes.  it really does act and feel like an onboard overdrive channel.  if you point all the knobs at 12 o' clock, some people may think it is muddy, but that tone knob really does change the character quite a bit.  sorry for the long rant, but i want people to know that just because you can't afford $150+ on a single pedal doesn't mean you can't enjoy a great overdrive stomp box.  check the jf-02 out - it just might be your "gateway drug" to other joyo pedals! 5i hated having to put the pick between strings.  and now that i have a ton of picks, i can convientently put them in this little thing that attaches to the guitar.  im still weary of putting it on my guitar because it has a matte finish, and i dont want to ruin it.  but the instructions say it should be fine.  i think i might put it on my amplifier instead because having it on the guitar might get in the way as well, still deciding on that.  but for the price you pay for this, it's a no brainer for any musician. 5this capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. if i position it just so it will work as long as i don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side. 1i use this one a lot, its light weight and sturdy. it would be nice to have a counter weight for the long reaches, but can work around that detail. its well made 5i agree with all the other 5 star reviews, the quality of these strings is excellent.they last with great tone for a reasonable time, and don't break.i just have a helpful hint for those people with little experience in re-stringing an acoustic guitar that has removable bridge pins. put a crimp or bend in each string about 3/4 of an inch or so from the ball at the end, about 45 degrees from the straight portion of the string, fairly sharp. just beyond or just on the wound portion that holds the ball on. then push the ball into the hole and make sure the crimped portion of the string is slid up against the wall of the hole closest to the neck of the guitar, out of the way of the pin. then slide in the pin and make sure the ball is not resting on the bottom of the pin! the pin should fit tightly into the hole, and the crimp you made in the string keeps the ball on the side of the pin, not below it. each pin has a groove in it where the string passes into the hole on the side of the pin. after pushing in the pin, you can pull on the string in the direction of the nut, and the ball should be pressing the pin sideways in the hole, keeping it tight. it may be under or on the side of the bridge inside the guitar, but i can't see in there to verify this is so, but i know that the ball is pressing sideways on the pin! not upward.hope this helps some novices, i had to learn it this way myself. 5everything on a fender should be fender parts - these hold as good as dunlops and are easier to get off with sweaty fingers. these give me more comfort because they are locked on solid and requires a push then pull to come off. i get furious when my guitar comes off the strap so this stopped it and kept the fender mojo going. 5i use this to run a single, mono xlr shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my tascam dr-40, which saves me a step in post-production.  the quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do.  good price for a good product. 5these perform well on single coils, specifically telecasters.  right now i switch back and forth between power and beefy, with fenders being my next choice followed by d'addario. 4i have an axe-fx 2 that requires quality monitoring (i do use studio monitors, but sometimes i need something that no one else can hear), and for a while was using the senheiser hd 280 pro headphones.when i put these on (without burning them in), i was blown away at the difference! for $20 more, these cans are more than worth the extra cashalso better, is the leather wrapped around the arc- much sturdier, while the pad on my senheisers is flaking off, piece by piece. 5i have used these type of clip on tuners for quite some time and have 4 different brands.the snark however is absolutely the best clip on tuner i've seen on the entire market and the price isperfect. they've come out with the sn-8 i hear, which i'll buy soon..great product..don't leave home without it. 5wish i would have bought  4 of the 20 footersgoing to buy more of them for sure they are great guitar cables 5great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. fortunately i had no problem returning it for a full refund so overall i'm happy with the results. 2if you are a mobile dj that needs to put a mic clip on a mic stand for each event then you should get one of these.  it saves me 5 minutes per event (setup and break down) just by not having to put the mic clip on and off each event. 5works as advertised.  i was a bit skeptical when the product arrived, but i just set up my acoustic guitar with this product and it does work.  pretty simple, even if you're "technically challenged."  easy to use.  haven't gigged with it yet, but i can imagine that this strap "isn't going anywhere," regarding its functionality.  not a "pretty" product, but good stuff. 5i've used these strings for quite a while now. they have a fantactic tonal quality and longevity. if you're looking for a good string that last a fair amount of time before dead string syndrome hits... i'd recommend these. 5every guitar i've ever cared about has had this strap on it. i must've bought about 10 of these over my lifetime, and i don't regret it even in the slightest. 5i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week. i tested both of them, they sound quite good as the majority reviewers said (that's why i bought this !!!). and they are solidly built too, not one of the pretty light microphone that comes in with cheap karaoke machine.i don't expect to come with it, so no cable is ok for me.here is the but ...... : there is no on/off switch, this really pissed me off.but this is my fault, i should have read the 1 star review first.the photo shows no on/off switch, however this does not catch any attention.and all seller seems to have trouble to say "this product does not have this, does not have that..." it only says what the product does have.oh well, i got stuck with two microphones without on/off switch.i can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone. 2it really pains me to give anything but a 5-star review to a boss product, since i'm such a big fan of their product line and build quality overall.  those compliments apply equally to the cs-3 compression sustainer.  and it does do the job reasonably well without me having to worry about putting a less-reliable brand in my signal chain.however, there are some minor issues with this pedal that you need to know.  the two most common complaints that i see are that it adds "noise" to your amp and that it changes the tone a bit.  the former complaint is probably true, though if you're enough of a hobbyist to use a compression sustainer, you're probably already contemplated using a noise gate/suppressor, such as the boss ns-2.  problem solved.as for the latter complaint (changes tone), that's also true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing if you like the tone that results.  the whole point of the cs-3 is that it's supposed to cut out the extremes of your tone and sustain it.  this can result in a muddy, "neutered" tone, though you can play with the tone and other settings to help it.  i also find that with the settings all at 12 o'clock, the output is too quiet compared to other pedals at default settings.really, while boss pedals are considered to be "expensive" compared to many of the other effects out there, the cs-3 should really be viewed as a "budget" or "entry level" compressor, when you consider that most of the quality compressors are either in rack units or something like a keeley compressor costing north of $200.  the best thing you can say about the boss (even compared to the similarly-priced mxr options) is that the cs-3 gives you a great deal of control over your compression for a reasonable price.  the biggest negative of the pedal, in my opinion, is that the resulting sound might seem a little too...compressed.but there are a lot of things you could do with a cs-3, and it works best paired with other pedals (chorus, delay, some distortions) that you're trying to smooth out.  ultimately, it's a pedal that could have been better, though there aren't too many significantly better alternatives until you get north of $100 anyway. 4i'd bought this thing several years ago-forget where-as an alternative to the electro-harmonics stone phaser. the eh stone is great, but a) couldn't afford it 2)the adapter input is proprietary, differnt than was on my boss pedal board3)wasn't gigging out. so i figured, "what the heck?".i've had fun with it. with a wah and a proper guitar sound, one can easily emulate the hendrixish-univibe sound. remeber, guitar, touch, pickups, signal, etc all play into that factor. also its a 'vintage style', not a mid 80's mosquito tone killing device. not a huge range here. no swooshing jet sounds. just good 'ol wobble.i'll agree with the other guy here and say the durability is questionable, and the size of the thing is annoying by comparison to the standard pedal housing. and, it does make some noise in my chain. lately have been trying different cables, adapters, and batteries.a tinkerer/hobbyist/modder may enjoy getting a sturdy pedal housing box and putting this things guts into it, and, getting a sturdy switch. paint it all weird and call it a 'boutique pedal'. 5this is an absolute must-have item for any gigging drummer! holds your drink, just like it says it will. what more can you ask for out of a drink holder? no more wasted beers getting kicked over during sets for this guy (at least not unintentionally). pro. 5i use it with an audio technica 2020, it work very well, the filter stays in place and it really improves the quality of the recording. not much else to say. 5i will use this cable to connect my guitars to a portable amp. the quality is great, price is right and delivered on time. 5there are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there.  its all just so much marketing garbage. these mics are the best mic for the buck out there.  anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a**. 4i've always used planet waves nails but i wanted to try the dunlop buying me this little package. a very good experience. durable, comfortable and of a texture that makes it easy to use and does not allow them to slip easily. 5i'll start this by saying i prefer metal slides to glass (tone snob that i am)so i wasn't too excited about playing with this, until i played with it!the tone is amazing!!great highs, amazing lows, smooth midrange and unbelievable harmonics!i now only use metal slides... and my dunlop bottleneck ;-) 4the power supply which is not included is a funky size, it does seem to work with a standard pedal power supply but i wouldn't recommend it only because it is not the proper size.  the guy that was using this was using it with a fender telecaster, and a single 12&#34; tube amp.  he found that the volume was cut by ~ 15-20% even with the pedal turned all the way up.  any time a pedal allows for volume loss , it tends to effect tone & yes, mr. sound engineer, &#34;tone&#34; is a real thing!the pedal is pretty bulky and won't fit well in most pedal boards, but it's not any more wide than the morley, but it seems to be taller, longer, and heavier.i gave it 3 stars because, &#34;it's okay&#34;, but it is far from great, and i would not buy this product again.  i understand the price is cheap, and if this is all you can afford, then go for it, but if you have the extra cheese, spread it. 3i have run sound for several large churches, providing services for both live sound and television broadcasting. the way that you have to mix for each of those is vastly different, especially when applying vocal effects. i have also run a small recording studio for the last 12 years.the 80/20 rule says that if you can get 80% of the sound you're looking for with 20% of the work, be satisfied. this mic mechanic (mm) is more like 99% of the sound with 1% of the work.i actually use this more in a studio setting than for live sound. primarily because it solves so many problems that you face as a sound engineer.1) adaptive tone. the mm continuously listens to your voice and adjusts the compression, gate, eq, and de-essing. even when recording dry vocals, at a minimum, you should at least set your compression, then in post production, add parametric eq to place your vocals where they need to be set.now? i hit the tone button, and all that is done for me. it makes a dynamic mic sound great! it makes working with a condenser mic easier.2) reverb. most home recording enthusiasts have problems applying reverb. they either use too much or too little. with this, when you it equally between wet and dry, you get the right amount of reverb to bring recording to life. i recorded a vocal with club, room, and hall reverb. each one sat just right! when you solo the vocals, you can tell which is used. in the mix it was more subtle. good job!3) pitch correction. i have to admit, my own vocals aren't perfect. when you record your own vocals, and you're like me, you'll hear a "chorus" sound in your headphones. that's because you're hearing you own vocals and the pitch correction through the headphones. this takes a second to get use to.when set in the center, you can still do your vocal gymnastics, slide into notes, and it seems... natural. it pulls you to the closest not in the chromatic scale, so if you're way off, it will make your vocals sound out.i'm not a singer, but this has renewed my joy in singing! 5holds ~8-10 picks depending on thickness. i stick it on top of my amp so ive always got a pick close by. 4very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well.  exactly as described in the ad. 4what a great price and product!  bought two of these so i can keep my guitars handy and i love them.  really love having the rubber strap to secure the neck in the event of a mishap.  the wide frame legs make the stand extremely sturdy and love that it can come apart easy if i want to pack it up. 5this is the most ergonomic tuner there is it functions well it is sturdy and it fits in ur pocket! count on fender to give u a good product! 5after reading some poor reviews for goosenecks of 19&#34; or more, i decided to play it safe with a couple of 13&#34; gooseneck =- this way, if a longer unit is needed, i can just screw 2 together.  this is an excellent piece of hardware, very stiff and sturdy with no droop or sag.  even when i put 2 together to come over the top of my guitar amp so i could mic it from the front, using an sm 57, and this gooseneck holds the mic absolutely still.great buy. 5lovely strings  for rhythm guitarist, special i'm using it for reggae skanks rhythm and it sounds warm and scream... thanks 5this is a well built, and high quality product. it provides great sustain and distortion. if you're on a budget, but still want professional sound; this product is what you're looking for. 5a needed accessory for any vocal recording, period. my only gripe about this model is why the straight bracket part needs to stick out so dang far, since you can bend the arm out in any position anyway. 4this thing is tiny and does not have the breakable swivel head of the original snark. this is the only tuner you need! 5bought these to replace the ones that i had previously ordered from another vendor.  these have good shielding not like the others. 5it definitely changes the sound of my classical guitar for the better (pavan tp-30).  it allows the the bass notes to have distinct upper note harmonics/partials and it takes away the boominess of the fundamental.  my initial thought was that it did away with the "blurriness" of the low bass to mid-range response and balanced the entire spectrum of the guitar's range.  amazing what a $20 piece plastic can do.  highly recommended. 5these are a little larger than a traditionally sized, what you normally see used picks.  thus, just a heads-up.  having said that, they are top quality and are excellent picks.  i use all types and all brands and fender's are always predictably great quality. 5still a great product it's just a little flimsy. the way the bottom holder attaches to the base is the problem! it doesn't attach! it just slides in and then you kinda just hope it doesn't bend or break. the only problem is if you are clumsy like me you might push your guitar down into it a little to hard and damage it. 4i ordered the product thinking it was going to be the answer to all my dreams, but alas, i was wrong. the winding apparatus works beautifully, but the cutter doesn't allow me to get a short enough cut on the strings for my preference, so i'm back to using metal pliers to snip the strings close to the post. all in all, a good product to have if you don't have pliers on hand or don't mind getting a closer snip.i cannot comment on the peg remover since my acoustic doesn't have pegs - luckily, the strings are fed through the slots on the back of the bridge, which i think is a much better design than guitars with pegs to hold strings in place. each to their own, i suppose. 4i like that i can disconnect my strap quickly and easily. makes playing more comfortable and if you have more than one guitar you can use the same favorite strap quickly. i buy one of these for each guitar. but i only use my favorite strap. 5after going to various guitar/music stores and trying out many guitars (yamaha,ibanez, fender and others) i researched on the internet and stumbled upon this make/model and saw the many positive reviews it had. i was reluctant to purchase an instrument without playing it first, so i purchased the best sounding guitar locally (costing me $129). after 1 day i realized i was unhappy with it still and took a chance and purchased this guitar online. the many reviews were absolutely correct. this guitar is wonderful and sounds great. i replaced the strings yet the original strings were just as good as the light strings i bought. even though it is only an $89 guitar, i will treasure this one as if it was $300. perfect intonation all the way up to the octave. low action and stays in tune for days! 5this a very clever idea. it helps save floor space in your rooms, and it helps cover empty wall space. very easy to take off/put on. high recommend this to any stringed-instrument players. 5i liked my elixir strings on my acoustic, so i knew that the ones for electric would be worth the extra money (as compared to non-coated brands).  they seem to create less noise from unintentional slide friction--it's sort of like the difference between flatwound and regular strings--these feel like super-flatwound strings, meaning they feel smooth.  i have some nice callusses built up, but i imagine that i'd like these strings even more if i was just starting out (or restarting) because i imagine they tear up your fingertips much less than non-coated strings. 5spend a few extra bucks and get a music stand that is sturdier! these can't support heavy stuff and will knock over so easily. they sure are portable though. not a bad idea to keep one in your car just in case since it folds up to be so tiny! 4this is a great capo!  i had been using kyser quik-change capos for a good portion of my ten years of playing but they had their limits.  for one, intonation wasn't always right and my guitar (especially my electric) would go out of tune frequently.  after trying others, i settled on the shubb and it outguns the kyser in every aspect.  its features surprised me.  it is small and incredibly light weight, you almost can't tell that it's there. the adjustable knob is great and allows you to dial the capo to the right pressure so that you don't get any annoying buzz.  also my tone has greatly improved (which is an awesome bonus) making my acoustic sound much clearer and much more defined as opposed to the kyser which i noticed muddied up the sound.  even though you have to make some adjustments this capo is still easy to use and is one of the best investments i have ever made! 5this tuner really delivers, its inexpensive and accurate , much better than the sn1. do not be fooled by the broader gradients on the sn 8, if you are in the green , you are in tune. sn 8 is also far more reliable, no notorious having to adjust the neck to get a reading as in the sn 1 and 2. i use mine with ukulele and guitars, and both get tuned accurately with it. 5this pedal is a great delay pedal. works well with my marshall,has a lot of feautures and is very versitale.... 5i have many heavy guitars.  yet wide guitar straps are for old men and blues posers.  i'm neither.  however, my back was still hurting, and i'm definitely a weakling.  so i bought this shoulder pad.  now i only look like a weakling to the more eagle-eyed people who see me play guitar.  thanks planet waves!really, though, it's quite good. 5great tuner for the price.makes tunning easy and fast.the grips come off the neck on my acoustic,but works better on my electric. 4i snagged this beauty during a holiday sale here on amazon and this baby is wonderful for the price. i previously had thelucero lc100 classical guitar black (black)which i was completely happy with as a beginner. when it got damaged beyond repair, i looked into thecordoba dolce 7/8 size classical guitarwhich was absolutely wonderful but i decided i didn't really like the size, so after liking the cordoba brand i decided on the c5.it is absolutely a wonderful guitar at this price range. the lucero was great for my level and it was decent enough to look at but the c5 has a vibrancy and deep tone to it that i was surprised to hear from a budget guitar. while it isn't it the prettiest guitar out there, it's by no means ugly. even though mass produced a lot of quality is still apparent in this guitar.the smell of this guitar is also amazing. it doesn't have the cheap wood glue smell of other low-end guitars, but a nice rich smell of wood. even after a few months, kept in a humicase, the sound is great and that fresh wood smell is still present.all praise aside, it is not a flawless guitar. my main complaint would be that the action is really high but this is something that is pretty common with new guitars, especially those at a lower price range. not necessarily a flaw but something to be aware of: being a cedar guitar, the wood is very soft so i recommend wear soft clothing without buttons or zippers on it while playing because these will leave small dents on the back of the guitar.i do enjoy the padded gig bag and thought that it was a nice touch to the package. it is a high-quality gig bag with lots of padding. inside the bag is a velcro neck rest with a strap to keep the guitar in place. it also has a large front packet that is large enough for a few music books. when i ordered this guitar from amazon, the guitar shipped inside the gig bag and inside of a big box. i had no issues with shipping and the guitar arrived safely.overall, i do not regret this purchase and once i take it in for a setup to get the action lowered, it will be a superb guitar that i will enjoy for years. highly recommended! 5i bought this to complement a 414ce-ltd (fall 2011) guitar, and wanted to have something that would last a long time, and provide a nice suede feel to keep the strap from sliding around on my shoulder.it took a little bit to get the hole over the butt peg of the guitar - it almost seemed the slit they cut was too small. after working at it a few minutes, i got it to fit, and it wore really nicely once i got the length where i wanted. taking it on/off the guitar isn't too much trouble, but over the past few months the bottom slit has stretched a little more - enough to make it easier to get it on. i'm glad that it came a little tighter initially - the leather stretches over time, and it's clear they had that in mind when they make these. the quality is excellent, and i'm buying another one to go with my 12-string taylor. 4these are laser cut pads for your studio monitors. i feel more vibration from a hard drive spinning on my desktop than the sounds coming out of my speakers. and they look professional too. 5good price.  i'm a little concerned because when i first set it up, the screen drooped down. the flex-shaft arm did not seem strong enough to support the screen in any position.  i was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so i'll still rate it okay, but i have concerns over the long run. 4this capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. there are times where the capo is a little big and the fingers can hit it but in general, it is probably the best capo there is for an acoustic guitar. it does not break, and is very sturdy. highly recommended. 5it ok, its hard to use the bottom 1u space because of the angle, the gear must be very short to fit the bottom space before hitting your mounting surface....11u rack, not 12u.... 4i bought one of these used that was just like new when i got it.  the craftsmanship is amazing as is the sound quality of this little ukulele.  the build quality, the aquila strings, and the tuning keys are very high quality.  you can sound great with one of these little instruments in no time.  i downloaded a lanikai booklet off the internet and was on my way.  it is pure fun to play one of these ukuleles.i bought this for my granddaughter and would suggest a larger model for any adult with larger fingers. some of the chords are hard to form due to the small size of the frets.  i am still stoked at playing this until my granddaughter takes over on this one. 5perhaps more than anything else, it was the introduction and subsequent success of the zoom h2 personal digital recorder that led to an explosion of interest among home audiophiles, who suddenly found themselves equipped to make quasi-professional-level recordings with their computers plus a minimum of user-friendly equipment at reasonable prices.  the price of the samson meteor usb mic, a fairly recent entry, has come down to the point of being fairly valued (initially, i was seeing it going for prices above the better-sounding blue yeti mic).  it's an attractive (some would say "cute") little mic with its quaint "retro" design and deceptively fold-up, portable size.  i say "deceptive" because, due to the non-adjustable mic stand, it can be more than a little challenging to find space for it on a desktop, next to a computer, and squarely in front of the narrator's mouth.bearing in mind the above reservation along with the actual quality of the recorded sound (it's good, but nowhere close to studio-quality), it would seem to make the most sense for those seeking "high fidelity" audio to spend the extra 20% for a blue yeti or an audio technica at2020 usb (as tempting as the lower price of the non-usb version of the at2020 is, be sure to try it out with a pre-amp supplying phantom power before going that route.  i've known a couple of individuals who ordered the at2020 condenser mic, only to discover that it was useless with a computer, even with the addition of a snake light cable).if your primary considerations are convenience and portability, the samson go mic sounds almost as good as the meteor and is unmatched in size, convenience and portability.  (it scored higher than the blue mikey and blue snowflake in my auditions.)  i'm tempted to say it's the perfect laptop mic, clipping to the top cover more securely than the snowflake, whereas the yeti is ideal for desktop use, producing rich-sounding recordings rivaling those of a professional studio's shure sm7b mics. 4this is a really solid table mic stand, and you're not going to find a better price (i looked). the base is solid and heavy, and the actual stand is a sturdy metal tube. i liked the first one enough that i ordered a second. i should note, though, that it does not come with the pictured adapter for smaller mic clips, which i can imagine being disappointing even though it didn't affect me. 5first time using item and it broke. the round back that screws onto the mic stand broke. i was really excited to have this and us it now that i transferred all my music sheet to my ipad. as soon as i took it off the mic stand the round piece came off. would have rather contacted the seller than post a not so good review, but it only kept referring to delivery. i do like the product and it did hold my ipad steady even with a leather case on. sad! 2it's a lot smaller than the picture makes it look, but that's a good thing. it serves it purpose and fits snugly between the strings on the headstock. 5my les paul is heavy.. the strap would constantly fall off. so i decided to get a set of strap locks. these installed in minutes, and really dont change the look of the guitar at all. you will need a nut driver to screw the lock to your strap. if you dont have locks on all your guitars, you cant interchange your straps easily any more, so i recommend getting them for all your guitars. the other added benefit i found is that on my hollow body the strap was actually scratching the back. with these locks the strap sits away from the guitar, so it fixes that problem as well. when i buy a new guitar, i get new locks. are there better locks out there? i'm not sure, but im committed now as i wanted the same locks on all my guitars.. has never failed me yet. 5i purchased this when it was on sale during the christmas season - i figured that for the asking price at the time i could not go wrong.my expectations were frankly low. i had heard nothing but horrible things about epiphones, with the main complaint being they would not stay in tune. other complaints included poor overall quality and terrible playability. what i received was the polar opposite: i received an instrument with a strikingly beautiful finish, and one that stays in tune (amazingly it was close to being in perfect tune when i unboxed it.)i am not wild about the strings that came stock, but i am a drummer and suffer the same disappointment about heads that ship with new drums. i guess guitarists expect to change strings on a new guitar the same way drummers do when it comes to heads. in the near future i intend to restring the guitar withd'addario ecg25 chromes flat wound electric guitar strings, light, 12-52, which, while thick, should make the instrument jazz-friendly. i realize that flatwound strings will require a new set-up and intonation, but considering how good the guitar is and how relatively little it cost me, the new strings and work will be an investment.out of the box, though, the action was reasonably low and the frets appeared [to my novice eyes and fingers] to be properly dressed. i have already invested in a good - but not great case:guardian hardshell electric guitar caseto store the guitar (i also uploaded a customer-provided photo on this page that shows the case and how well the guitar fits.)for the record, i use the following amp, which i have also reviewed that is a perfect match to this guitar:kustom defender 15 watt class a guitar headthat i run through akustom  the defender 1 x 12 guitar extension cabinet for 5h head.bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. the price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year. 5i like the picks a lot! they are super strong and look like can take a lot of use in a good shape! recommended 5when i got this i thought it was a cheap toy-like thing, but when i put it on my banjo, it perched on the head and was practically invisible to anybody else, but easy to see when i needed it.  it's red when out of tune and green when in tune.  it does have small lines to tell you you are close to being tuned.  i love it when i am the only one using it.  unlike the clamp kind, like the snark, it's hard to share.  the clamp seems flimsy and ratchets open and closed and takes a little getting used to, so between my husband and me using it, i'm afraid the thing will break.  i play the banjo and it fits nicely on the head, but my husband has to find a place at the end of his acoustical guitar for it. 5i've been using these fender straplocks over the last year:fender 099 0818 300 f straplock chromethe problem with those is that they use screws to secure that part that is on the strap itself, and the screw will slowly back itself out and you get yourself a disaster. i've decided to try these because they use a "dual" system: you can use the lock on your strap, or just use your "regular" strap without the locking mechanism. i've only been using these for a week, but so far, i like them much better than fender's. i think i will replace all fender straplocks with these.i do agree with the others on the fact that the screws are of lower quality, and the screw heads will strip if you're not careful. when i was installing these strap nuts, i screw in a half turn at a time, and applied lots of pressure so that the the head won't strip. if you can get over the installation, you got yourself a pretty good locking strap. 4hey, it's a fun little toy, but i've seen this thing going in most places for an even $100 which is ridiculous. i was lucky enough to get it on amazon for $80. once you get over the novelty of it it will sit on top of your amp to collect dust.  i've made some cool effects and written a many a great riff with this but it's not one of those tools you'll use every song... unless you're so amazing you can make it work every song! learning how to use it properly and finding the nuances of making it work is half the fun, but once you get it, and you're over it, you wonder why you wasted $100 on something that shouldn't have cost more than $50. it's essentially a 9v battery covered by plastic with a pretty blue light. this was one of those impulse buys that grabbed a hold of me when i had nothing better to use my money on. 3based on other reviews, i made my purchase. this is a great unit, it sounds good and loud enough.two downsides, both are about the noise.1. i live on the 4th floor. as long as i turn the volume up, it acts like a radio.. i mean very loud radio background and i couldn't get ride of it. this is the only thing that annoys me, but i think it depends on where people live.2. when this is not properly tuned, it sounds strange and makes a lot of noise. (other than the radio part.)none of these are major issues, as a mini amp you can't really expect that much, not to mention it's not expensive at all. overall i like it and i would recommend it.by the way, this unit comes with a 9v battery. 4i bought this guitar about 2 years ago and i have played tons of different acoustic guitars from taylor to fender and more. this is by far the nicest acoustic guitar i have played. the action is very low and the guitar stays in tune very well. i love the chrome tuners and this guitar stays in tune for far longer then any of my other guitars. additionally, this is my favorite guitar and i would recommend this guitar to anyone wanting to play acoustic. this guitar could very easily pass as one of the 1000 dollar guitars. the guitar has no finish which i prefer because when you are done playing your guitar is not covered with oil smears from your hands. i love takamine for producing such a beautiful guitar at such a great value. this guitar will last forever because it was made so nice. recommend to anyone whether pro player or armature i promise you won't be disappointed and i have been playing for 6 years so i know what guitar players are looking for in a good guitar. thanks takamine!!!!! 5i have used many clip-on guitar tuners. they are a wonderful innovation and certainly easier to use than the older rectangular chromatic tuners that do not attach to the instrument. one of my favorites has become the planet waves clip on. i have several of them and use them often on many guitars. based on this experience, i was anticipating a better experience with this new mini headstock tuner than i wound up getting.it tunes nicely and, so far as my ear is concerned, accurately. others found it awkward to attach - i did not. it is small and unobtrusive but easy to read. those are not problems. what is wrong is simply the cheap and fragile the construction of the device.this fragility is conspicuous in both the difficulty in removing the battery cover and, more importantly, in the too-delicate manual clamp used to fasten it onto an instrument.the fundamental issue is that in lieu of the spring clips that we used to attach other versions of the planet waves tuners to the guitars, this one has a basic manual expand and contract clamp. this clamp is made out of thin plastic, is difficult to adjust and i expect it to break after only a short time. consequently, i cannot recommend this tuner if the user needs to be moving it from one instrument to the other.if the need is for a tuner that attaches to one instrument and will, essentially, live there, it is nice little tuner which remains functionally invisible to all but the player. if you need to move the tuner from instrument to instrument, you would be well advised to spend a few more dollars and stick with the clip-on versions of planet waves tuners.november 28,2011 updatehaving used this tuner for a while now, i have found that it has a good purpose. while this tuned does have mobility issues as i initially noted, i have been surprised (and pleased)to realize that they are wonderful 'permanent' tuners for acoustic guitars! they are so small as to be unobtrusive and nearly invisible. i leave them on my 12-strings and one of the 6's. a non-built-in-built-in tuner at this price cannot be beat. based on this belated realization, i have raised the product rating to 4-stars. 4this item really speaks for itself. it is a small microphone stand meant for use with a desktop. the base is nice and weighted, but not too heavy to be unwieldy. it's a solid piece that serves its purpose and offers convenience for anyone looking to place a microphone on their desk.i would recommend you grab a shock-mount with this if you don't already have one, as it transfers vibrations though the stand! but that is honestly to be expected. 4i have tried several different kinds of guitar tuners and of the ones i have tried the snark is the best. it is more precise easier to operate and just simply looks prettier. i highly recommend this tuner. 5i was disturbed with the price of banjos, until i did some research on the construction of them.  they're not something a regular craftsperson can put together without some serious experience.  at least, they wouldn't be able to put together a quality banjo.  but jameson guitars had put together a great banjo and an incredibly fair price.the tuning holds well and the instrument sounds great. i'm a guitar player and i'm excited to explore the different sounds i will be able to get out of this banjo.  it's also very good looking.  i love the neck and the back.  even the drum.  quality work was put into this thing.  i'm quite pleased.now, i just need to get used to playing with 5 strings! :) 5this keyboard far exceeded my expectations for the price - the quality of most of the "bread and butter" sounds is very high. this keyboard also has tons of neat features - there's something here for musicians of any skill level (check out yamaha's product blurb).to get an idea of how good this keyboard can sound, search ypg-235 on youtube and check out "trying out my yamaha ypg 235" by joshthemusician90.since it's also 76 keys (unweighted), midi(usb) compliant, very portable and can even run on batteries in a pinch,the ypg-235 could be used in a variety of situations.one star off for a couple of caveats below - other than that, at around $200, this instrument is a steal.*******in my mind, the only "negatives" (aside from trying to install the usb midi driver/see below) are that yamaha sells this keyboard without the ac adapter and sustain pedal as standard accessories, and you really need both. yamaha should note that a lot of people feel burned by the non-inclusion of the ac adapter.********note for those wanting to use this keyboard via usb/midi on a windows 7 systemthe usb midi drivers for this instrument are provided on a cd - the disk i got only contained drivers up to windows vista - i tried cheating and using this driver on my win 7 system, but it didn't work. the cd will supply you with a link that should take you directly to the latest driver downloads, but it doesn't - i ran into a lot of problems going that route - i suggest you bypass trying to use the link the cd suggests and just go directly to the yamaha website to get the latest driver. much easier, and my ypg-235 now works fine with my computer, but still surprising since most usb midi keyboards are plug and play. 4this is a very good ts type pedal at a great price.  the ability to adjust treb and bass is nice.  the enclosure is metal, the knobs feel sturdy, and the switch has a durable feel.  this is an analog pedal an the only digitech pedal i've ever contemplated keeping.  i ordered this pedal through amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal.  if you don't have a ts type pedal this is a good, cheap choice. personally, i didn't think it sounded any better (or worse) than my other ts type pedals (behringer to800,joyo vintage overdrive,deltalab to-1,ts808 and ts7).  as i indicated, i have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol.  i opted instead for the dano cool cat transparent overdrive and i am very happy.  if you don't have a ts type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a ts808, you may want to check this out first. 4if you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a guitar > volume pedal > amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a poorly engineered pedal.  it can't be "true bypass" as long as the signal travels through a potentiometer but they can use pots that are a virtual short when adjusted properly and with the pedal forward.anyway, the difference between plugging my guitar directly into the amp and placing this pedal in the chain between the amp is immediately noticeable.  the tone becomes duller, the output drops.  i would expect that from an asian knock-off, not from an a-list gear maker.  i might be over-stating ernie ball's reputation, though they make some fine guitars i gotta say, and i've used their strings for many years.if you plan to use this eb-6180 pedal with digital effects you should be fine.  this is because the digital device will take two measurements of pure resistance at either end of the rocker.  the signal processing takes place in the unit, not the pedal.  (those units have their own tone problems but that's another review.)it does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (not "true bypass" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal.  i will need to try that out, but it does not excuse ernie ball from their responsibility.  major fail on their part.2 stars is generous because eb fails to honor the simple "first do no harm" principle. it harms your tone.  how dumb is that?  the pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though i have my doubts about their "string" mechanism over time.  the rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.i have no recommendations for a volume pedal.  because of the feel, and esthetics, i do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver. 2love this little tuner. i have several reds and several blues and this one seem to be about the same except the displays seems to be more accurate. 5these are a little "flubby", thick and soft, for my taste in guitar picks, but they mellow out the tinny sound of my mandolin beautifully. the textured grip surface is great. 4i love these picks for playing my acoustic. they give such a nice, crisp tone and the perfect amount of flex for playing acoustic. for me i prefer a slightly thicker pick for playing electric, probably a .70 or .80 but i still like the tortex picks for that as well. and these picks are inexpensive enough that you can keep an endless supply. 5works great for my acoustic dreadnought.if i had any complaint it would be that there's nothing to prevent the lower part of the guitar from banging against the wall. it would be nice if they had an option for something that could hang down off the hanger - a little cushion - that would go between the wall and the guitar. no reason i can't make something like that on my own, though.edit - 9/24/2013 - just got my first classical guitar and realized that the wider neck won't fit into this hanger. nothing worth complaining about, but just something to note - if you need a hanger for a classical guitar, this isn't it. 4i just got this and i've noticed that it when i activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... i have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent.  there may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you. 1the size of this makes it awesome for carrying around and it all works great. i have it custom mapped for multiple softwares. i love the product and all the features for the price. my only problem is, is that the usb plug on the controller becomes lose very quickly after moderate use. this is actually a huge problem, once the plug stops working your out of a controller. i would recommend this controller for home use and to leave the plug in the controller and do touch unless you have to. when unplugging it just be careful and it'll last a lot longer. the price on amazon is awesome. 3i just got these to collect not to use to play with. they look good and anyway planet waves has good stuff. 5so i just got this product, haven't used it!package looks ok,strings are pakced in one plastic bagi can't wait to try this one, i've also bought martin m1400, ghs silk and steel, will come back with results! 4i have a crowded rig already and the las thing i wanted was another mic stand.  i already have a straight stand with a shure sh55 mounted on it as a talkback to call tunes to my band members.  i wanted to eliminate my wireless sax mic, as i was using it infrequently, and decided to mount a heil fin on this extension arm on the same stand as the talkback.  nice and stable - no issues - works perfectly. 5nice to use to muse your violin. a must need to prevent from annoying people while your practicing. great buy. 4stringed instruments are best hung vertically, which this stand accomplishes beautifully.  constructed of very durable material making this a wise investment. 5a bargain at the offered price.  gives you virtually unlimited sustain.  it is a good cheap addition to my effects board. 4i ordered a couple from my guitar seller...enjoyed..saw these and tried again...the box for tuner was a little smushed...but well packaged and arrived on time...will order again if needed..enjoy 4for the price this is a wonderful strap. it can get twisted and wear out, but keep it straight and it will last you a long time. it has a vintage look, very soft and comfortable. it also has that vintage fender coolness factor. i have 30+ year old leather straps that will be around years after i'm gone but i paid a lot for them and they're not as comfortable as this. i've even used these on gibson's (oh, the shame) but of course they look best on fender's, i guess. the truth is they will work on anything. the strap ends are great, but they're not really secure. gaskets can take care of that. i own quite a few of these are they're great quality, look cool (in a vintage kinda way) and feel soft on my shoulder. 5these picks are nice. they're great for metal, if you like a durable pick. the paint fade away after a while, but don't let that stop you. it leave no residue on your guitar and these have never broken on me. the only reason i would buy more is if i lost some over time. 5i like the amount of frequencies available for adjustments- i run this through a furman pedal board and there is little to no noise - for the money this is a good product- 5i decided to get this tweed strap for my 50s telecaster classic, but when it arrived, i was a bit let down. the tweed finish is cool enough, but the strap is very thin, and the strap ends are pretty poor quality. if they truly are made of leather, i feel sorry for the hide they came from. the leather is so hard, you almost need fingers of steel to get the eyelets spread far enough apart to get them around the guitar strap locks.this is decent for the time being, but i am definitely going to keep my eye out for something more suitable to my guitar. feels like wearing a $10 casio with a $1300 suit... 3i give the product a 4star for doing what it is supposed to do. i give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period. generously, i'll give it 2stars. something like this really should last at least a year or more. cheap parts/manufacturing?  50 cents a day is not a good deal for a device of this nature. 2purchased this to replace the dampit as a no drip alternative. with the solid base it will not drip and it fairly easy to use. distilled water will extend the life of the sponge. overall simple and effective.however, i may have added too much humidity. was using in conjunction with humidipak to keep them from drying out thinking they would absorb any excess humidity, but i then noticed an irregularity in the reflection of the pick guard and the tone seemed to be muted so shifted over to humidipak only and will re humidify them outside the guitar case.i do use a hydrometer but i don't think it was effectively reading the inside of the guitar, but only the inside of the case.so i think the planet waves humidifier works well for its intended purpose, but you do have to monitor that you are not over or under utilizing it. 5i have these in three guitars after trying out some undersaddle and sound hole pickups. some peope miss the &#34;quack&#34; ,electric guitar type sound from these other types. i do not. i also like that the bridge and saddle do not have to be modified ,nor is any battery required. i run it through a baggs para-acoustic preamp or my fishman aura.it really has to be installed by a professional repairman to be sure the sensors are located correctly.product was delivered safely and promptly. 4gives a nice warped slightly detuned effect to your first at the right settings.(think alice in chains, or really distorted live nirvana solo) admittedly not everyone's into the whole grunge tone. but it was what i was looking for.has some nice shimmers and thickening on other settings too.and hey, you can pretty much get it for pocket change. 4these were great. i can't brag on them enough. i am however an electric gitty player primarily. i just use an acoustic when on trips and for couch songwriting. 5this is a great and inexpensive tuner that is easy to use. it's easy to setup out of the box and can tune via vibration or microphone. it's easy to figure out if the strings are in pitch or not. the only downside is that it feels a bit flimsy sometimes. 5i bought this to run from my peddle board to my guitar.since the peddle board is right in front of me, the coiled nature of the cord keeps me from getting tangled up.what surprised me was how it improved the sound? i hadn't thought that a cable would do this but i've since been told that i'm not the only player that has noticed this phenomena. it's beyond me how this works but i can hear the difference so, i'm changing over to all coiled cords. 5i play guitar and bass, but the gitpicker in me envies full-time bassists because they almost never break strings, and bass strings hold their tone far longer than guitar strings. the price has also come down to where you can spend well under a hundred bucks a year on strings and always have fresh tone rich with harmonics. you don't know how good you've got it! and these d'ad's are very good all-round strings, though they make a lot more noise than flatwounds and even "normal" nickel wound, so they're not for sloppy fingers.very nice for funky players and those who want more definition and edge, these flexsteels ring nicely and i like that the bottom e is a tad thicker at 105 than the usual light set's 100. because these are pretty bright, that extra oomph is nice. and i'm a big believer that the amp can fix string issues much more easily with bass than guitar, so merely dialing out a little treble or even rolling off the volume a bit on your bass will take care of that. but if you're popping and slapping, these come through loud and clear. i really like the feel of the low e when i thumb pop with these.i play a p-bass with my index, middle and thumb, and these punch nicely at that scale length. the pickups also like them, and they get plenty loud, with full definition and plenty of top end, but not brittle. with a trace elliot or other high-def amp, these would be very unforgiving for all but the most exact players. i bet marcus would kill with them.i think these are perfect for funk, and excellent for almost all rock styles. obviously flats are better for jazz, but these make a good all-around string and for less than 20 clams they're a great deal. 5i could not expect a better violin stand. it is very robust, versatile, good looking and not very expensive. highly recommended. 5i needed this for my jazzmaster that has a front face input.  sounds fine, although that guitar is notably &#34;humm-y&#34; with the single coils, i don't feel this cable added any more noise in the line.  looks cool and sounds good to me and great price, i actually bought 2 !!! 4while the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. on the website it mentioned that it accepts the shure ksm32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the ksm32, look elsewhere. 2i wasn't expecting much from this case; i bought it on a deployment to take a guitar back home with me that i had also order off amazon that was of better quality then i had expected. this case is sweet! i love the black and crome, it looks great and the inside is well cusioned and really smooth. if you need a case don't even think twice about, this is a great one at a great price. 5great little amp to mess around with. the various sound changes and the range of sound mimics is amazing. the software that came with it is a little limited for true professionals but has more than you need for home use. don't be fooled by the small size, this baby pumps out the noise quite well. i'd rarely turn my master volume above level 4 (of 10) for home use and at small local taverns i'd set it at around level 8. for a regular venue i have an extra marshall 500-watt speaker system.you will need time to read the manual and learn the settings making it fun to see what kind of effects you can get. no pedals needed with this thing. i only gave it 4-stars because i later bought the mustang iii which has a bunch more features for an extra $200 and a blow-out 100-watt speaker. (the mustang iv is the same as the iii but with 150-watts. again, you can but an extra 100-watt speaker for $40, making the extra $200 for a mustang iv a waste.) the mustang ii is the same as this one but with a 40-watt speaker and $100 more.if you need something to play with at home and want to try different effects and sounds this is a good one at a cheap price. if you want the extra 20-watts (of the mustang ii) just buy this one and an extra 20-watt speaker (around $30) and jury rig it. otherwise i recommend plunking the extra $200 and get the mustang iii with a digital display readout and more effects. 4might work well for recording too when you take the output jack.  speaker is acceptable quality but can't be compared with a fender amp as this one has 5 watts and a small speaker and the other has 10-20 watts.  i'm opting for the convenience of the size.  i got this after getting a couple smaller amps and headphone monitor plugs since it has both and was better sound with good effects.  i like the 'brit' setting.  i sound like a rock star with it.  good product for practice or recording.  you could get away with microphone to amplify it for a gig.  but for around the same price you could get a fender amp.  this product works for me and the quality is pretty good.  other mini amps and similar accessories are toys compared to this. 5these are great picks, and yes, they are slippery.the reason is the material, and method of manufacturing:delflex polymer picks are injection molded with a blend of acetyl, making them extremely durable and bright sounding. unlike stamped picks, which are manufactured from sheet film and can have a different feel when rotated, injection molded picks have the same flexibility in all directions.these are probably the brightest sounding picks i have ever used, and it is well worth gettingused to hanging on to them.i use the 61mm for 10's on my solid body electrics, 76mm for my 11's on semi and hollow bodies,and 1.04mm on my bass guitar; that's right, i use a plectrum on my bass.you can get a pick that is easier to hang on to, but you may give away some of that bright snap to a softer to hang on to material like nylon. 5this is very inexpensive and works great for my home-wanna be purposes.  it is not superloaded with heavy delay, etc. but it definitely gives you the effect.  it links well with other pedals.  the battery wears out pretty quick and it does not come with a 9 v plug in.  therefore, i would recommend spending a couple of bucks and get a standard 9v plug in on amazon or at a local electronics store and not worry about the batteries always going dead.i like it enough that i will probably get a few more of this company's petals as the effect is good and the price is right.for my limited purposes, this works great.  if you are a pro gigging or on the road, you probably want to get a more versitile, heavy duty and expensive delay petal. 5this is my third circuit breaker cable. i play in church and no one wants to here the "pop" if i have to leave the sanctuary. why three: 10foot, 15foot, and 20foot depending on the setup for the group - i hate cable jump rope. i really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand i use. 5i started to play the violin a few months ago.  when i got my violin, i purchased the korg ca1 chromatic tuner thinking i would not need a metronome.  the korg ca1 also cost slight less.  however, now my instructor is having me work on scales using a metronome.  she has the korg tm40 metronome.  i opted to purchase the newer model korg tm50pw instrument tuner and metronome.  it is great.  based on my experience, unless you are sure you do not need a metronome, i would recommend everyone purchased the tm40 or tm50 (just in case) instead of the ca1. 5this is just like any other microphone stand. it works the same and is pretty durable. the weight at the bottom will definitely stop it from falling if someone were to acciddently bump into it...which is great, but could also be bad if you want to carry the stand around a bit. in order to do that you must either support the weight, which can be a pain or unscrew it from the base. other than that, it's great. 4even though the title says "acoustic guitar case", it's obvious that this is a case for a-style mandolins. i chose it because the lining looked a little deeper in the photo, and the reviews were good. sure enough, the lining is soft and well-padded. the hardware works as it should, and the build quality is almost perfect. however, when closing the case, a small amount of jiggling is required to make the top seat on the bottom properly. just a slight push-pull motion will allow the top to snap in place, then everything is as it should be. the case fits my a-type mandolin perfectly, and provides the protection needed to safely transport it in a car trunk or other place where it will be bumped around. the slight mis-fit of the top and bottom is not a big enough concern to warrant returning the case. it serves its purpose well, at a reasonable price. 4this jewel does give a vox ac tone (depending how its used). for direct recording it does. if used with an amp, maybe. but however you use it, it is sweet. 5works for practice ... it's a guitar instrument cable, what can i say ... maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose. 3what can i say about a guitar strap.  it fits the guitar well and is a nice strap for the price. 4these sound great and last a long time for me.  plus, they're reasonably priced.  put 'em in your case and don't be unprepared.  i like squirrels. 4i did not care for the tone or feel. took them off within an hour and put back on ej16. they had a rough feel and were stiff. lots of folks like them but not for me. 3my wife got this for me as i tend to play the guitar in less than ideal lighting conditions.  this is the neatest little light i have ever seen.  it takes 3 aaa batteries (included- but i did not find them until i was tossing the package out). and has 2 nice leds.  the lights are bright enough for my 40 something eyes but not so bright as to introduce glare on the sheep music.  the clip is plenty strong enough and even hold to my rolled edge music stand.  battery life so far has been at least 8 hours (actually probably 12 hours as my daughter has been using the light also).  i love the ease at which the lights are adjustable.  a real needed item is you play in darker rooms. 5i've only recently heard of joyo pedals, and that's because amazon.com kept recommending them to me.  i normally stick with boss pedals - they sound good, and they're all the same size, so they're easy to set up/maintain.  this pedal was priced very well ($32), and had nearly a 5 star rating.  i used to have a boss phaser (i don't recall which number off the top of my head.)  it was a pretty complex little pedal, and sounded great, but i needed money and sold it.  when i saw this pop up in my amazon, i got curious, did some research, and decided it would be a wise investment.  sure enough, it was!  it's obviously simple to use, having one knob and all.  over all, the pedal sounds great, and seems to be very well made.  based on this experience, i'm very much interested in checking out their chorus, flanger and overdrive pedals.i highly recommend this to anyone who wants an inexpensive, simple yet well-made and great sounding phaser! 5these are good, quality strings that will last on your guitar for many months to come. probably my second favorite after ernie ball. 5this pedal is terrific.,,,it is not a pedal to make you sound like an ac-30..the name is somewhat misleading...although you can certainly eq your sound in  that direction....the real treat is the huge variety of boost, tone and gain you can dial in,.,,its mindbending....the gain is superb....not mid heavy like the hideous ibanez tube screamer..,this pedal is an audio swiss army knife... 5i have had this for quite some time now and the original battery is still going strong.  i use it maybe once a week and it tune easily and accurately on both my acoustic and electric.  great design.  i cant see how they could improve this at all. 5the audio jack on my laptop was failing.  i had to wiggle and twist the headphone plug until i could hear both channels.  by that time half the youtube video was over.  what a hassle!  i'm trying to imagine how can i crack the case, get in there with my soldering gun to replace the audio jack when i ran across this great idea.  a plug-and-play usb device with both input and output audio jacks.  took about one minute to install on my dell inspiron, which recognized it immediately.  problem solved quickly and elegantly.shipping was free and prompt from the amazon partner.  good job, platinum micro, inc.i understand the input jack is mono so don't try to use this as a quasi recording studio.  and consider the availability and accessibility of your usb ports.  then, order this great little solution to a big problem. 5works really well, was a great price, and was sent to me in reasonable amount of time. the capo is a nice addition to the terrific sounds one can get with the guitar. 5you really need to double the quantity and charge accordingly. the single order wasn't really enough to do one guitar and i doubt you could do a bass, either. i used the copper under a clear pickguard, which matched the rest of the guitar pretty closely. then, i finished the pickguard compartment and the jack area with aluminum foil tape from my local hardware store. 3i was a little skeptical having used other strap lock systems. but i took a chance & this works well on my lp! the strap lock was well thought out and seems to have no weak spots. i really like it! 5it is a little light if you bump it anything that you store in the top goes everywhere when the rest falls on the floor.  as long as the guitar is on it works great. 4this is my first guitar tuner, i don't have expiriance to determine: do this tuner is better then other tuners. is working very good, 100% satisfaction. 5the cable is great for connecting directly to the computer microphone to record live without a console or mixer...... its great  i recomended 5a great universal bag. i can put everything in this bag from my 12 string to my hollow body. has great pockets to carry your picks, strings, and tuners. the padding is better that i expected. it does have a red strip on this if your concerned about color. 4ive been trying different strings for years!!!  ive been stuck on elixirs for some time now and wanted a change.  these are very bright and clean!!!!  very playable!!! 5folks that like the original ibanez tube king will love this pedal.  sturdier construction than most of behrenger's other pedals-  the housing is metal and the knobs seem a bit more solid.  folks talk about how bad the stock tube is, but that has not been my experience.  i may experement with a low gain jj in the future, but the stock tube is staying put for now.  maybe i got lucky and they 'hand selected' the right one?  this unit sounds really incredible when it's running into the front end of my el84 powered tube amp.  the sound is really organic and gritty, with great harmonics and smooth sustain. sounds decent but not nearly as good going into a solid state amp (no suprise there).  still, an improvement from the sterile solid state tone.  be forewarned - this pedal is gigantic in dimension.  who cares, so long as it sounds this good??  i'd wanted a vintage chandler/butler tube driver forever, but now i honestly don't need one.  this pedal gets me there on the cheap! 5i mean you paid 15$ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the boss it's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it's about twice this price. it does what is supposed to and it doesn't have a cheap look. for home and garage entertainment is good enough. i was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand, but now that i know that i like it i'm going to buy the distortion (red) one. i'm only sad they don't make a noise gate or something similar. that would be the top of the deal. 4in my 13 years of playing the guitar i have settled on d&#8217;addario as my string of choice.  when i picked up the mandolin four months ago deciding which string to buy was easy. i&#8217;m really glad i did.  the tone is great, they&#8217;re durable and smooth on the fingers.  even though they are smaller strings they still produce the sustain and bell-like tone that mandolinists are after.  they respond great to different styles and dynamic levels.  you can play sweet classical passages, roaring bluegrass and even rock.  i have a high end washburn f-style and these strings coupled with wegan picks make the washburn sound spectacular!  they also bring out the sound of the wood too which i appreciate.  if you are in need of a smaller string that still sounds good, this is the pack to get. thanks d&#8217;addario for providing an awesome product! 5i love it and there are a lot of bold type enhancements to my acoustic now.... the chicken picken' is much fun and i am still experimenting. as with all digitech pedals,  i just seem to love their ease of operation.  the gain on this pedal without feedback is incredible.... 5this product works just fine..spring loaded...so load the picks up...wish they would hold a couple more...but im happy...i keep in guitar case  and very handy to have...enjoy 5for the price i can hardly complain, but unfortunately the item was not the correct size for a fender strat replacement. checked it against my american standard, mim strat and squier and it would not fit any of them. should have just used one of my dog's chew bones and cut it myself, would have been more accurate. 2this is a great stand. the ability to adjust it and price point sold me on purchasing this unit. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a desk stand. 4so this was my first real tuner, its very simple to use. great tool and has two different modes which is cool. 5i own the behringer xenyx 1202fx, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the fx (it comes with 100 set effects). i have been doing home recording with cubase and logic, using a presonus firebox audio interface, with both midi, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) i had more inputs and outputs than the firebox could easily handle.this mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when i first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. the fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. the fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. but basically it works well, the eq is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as i can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what i want to record. another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. and, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. well, i would have liked some of these things, but then i would have to pay more, and what i really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the behringer xenyx has delivered thus far.by the way, i am running the following through the mixer: an at3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an alesis qs8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two krk rp5 studio monitors, presonus firebox. everything's been working and sounding great thus far. since i'm using logic, the effects are basically unnecessary, but if i ever want to use the board for live use, which i may do, they could come in handy. i'd say the effects are just so-so. 4these strings retain a good feeling for a long time, well past the point of them needing changed because they've lost brightness. 5very well made.  no problems.  should be able to stand up to any use or abuse. 5i ordered eight of these after reading the reviews.  i have five guitars, including two les paul's and they hold them just fine.  i give them four stars.  the are fine for, i believe, all guitars at home, but i wouldn't use them for retail or something like a school.  they are made if abs plastic and at the point where the arms swivel it's just a rivet the holds them together.  the wall anchors that they send with them are a joke.  like the other reviewer said, you really should find a stud to mount them to, but if you must use wall anchors, use the burly moly ones that bore into the dry wall.  all in all these are sturdy and stable (when anchored to a stud) and i'll use more if i have the need. 4okay mine has just arrived.. so first of all i want to say packaging is great!!..i have just put it on my guitar and i have to say that i am impressed!!... the sound is so warm and bright. i have a nanoweb before, and so far the exp16 is better...  i will stay on with the exp16 right now!!..great quality string... 5the question was, &#34;did it meet your expectations?&#34; and it certainly did.  it is heavy duty but also light.  well, placed on a light duty cheapo stand it might be a little heavy but and basic quality stand will handle it no problem.  it really seems well engineered and made of quality material. 5ok, so picks are a very personal thing to guitarists. i've been playing for about 30 years now and have used many different brands an types of pick. there is no 1 perfect pick for everything, depending on what your playing and your playing style you'll want to choose different thickness and materials. however, i have found this line of pick to be my favorite and my general goto pick. my hands sweat and the textured grips on these do a fantastic job of keeping the pick in my hand on not on the floor. i also really like the nylon material. it produces a softer sound without dampening the overall sound or volume of the guitar. i like the playability of the .88mm as its great for strumming rhythm at loud volume or picking blues. i keep a stack of .60mm for a more raw, folk like sound. in any case these picks are great and have been a staple in my kit for many many years and will continue to be. 5what you gain in string life with these strings you loose in tone. i'm not saying the tone is bad, but it's not as good as quality strings with no coat. that having been said, i'm pleased with them as a string for guitar practice. they last for months without a change in tone. i don;t play much in public venues, so it is not a problem for me to change strings when i do. 4i have several overdrive pedals, some of which are much more expensive than the boss sd-1. for a long time i overlooked my sd-1 and used other pedals. but when i went back to trying the sd-1, i was pleasantly surprised to find that this relatively inexpensive pedal is superior to some of the pedals i had been using. i don't mean merely that it's "very good relative to its price"; i mean that it's "very good--period." it easily outclasses some pedals for which i paid much more. the price for this pedal sometimes goes down to about $45 on amazon. at that price, it's an amazingly good deal. note: this is definitely an overdive pedal; it will not deliver metal distortion (at least not by itself). if you want to ride the crazy train, look elsewhere (like deltalab's metal distortion pedal). what this produces is smooth old-style overdrive. it's excellent. it sounds especially good through a dash of chorus. i plug my sd-1 into a fender mustang ii amp and turn on the amp's chorus; the result is delicious. i've used the sd-1 with both single-coil and double-coil pickups. both sound good, though, not surprisingly, you get a heavier punch with a humbucker. but it sounds great with single-coils too. 5been using these for years. they feel great, last longer than any other string and most importantly, they sound great.they cost a little more than other strings but they're worth it. 5at one point i had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then i smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where i could probably play 13-62's tuned to e with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. these strings also are good for les pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the fender guitars, making bending like velvet. 5if you enjoy playing guitars, then i think you will love this shubb s1 acoustic guitar deluxe capo. it something nice to have around your house and work great.  thanks to all. 5perfect for remote recoding with up to 4 head sets. clean amp and plenty of gain at  a great price. 5extremely lightweight, compact and portable, it folds up really small so that you can carry it in your guitar case, gig bag or tuck it in the back of your amp, 5i do question the leather part but since it doesn't say what kind of leather i suppose thats fine, its still a good strap either way. 5this pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! i hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit.it's nuts being able to rock out on my amp with an acoustic!!!! 5d'addario strings have become the favorite for all my guitars, and now my two mandolins. consistent quality and good tone and volume have made me loyal to the brand. 5i bought pedal power 2 in order to use on my latest board build. this works perfectly and is actually fairly small for a power supply. i would say it is just a bit bigger than a pedal. it was easy enough to connect all my pedals and run the cables. my board looks great, works well, and i love this power supply 5as the digital realm and the audio realm become one things like these will become increasingly rare. you will always find a place that does not keep up with the times though.that alone is a good enough reason to keep stuff like this around for now. 3i got this cable to run to my electronic drum set at the other end of the studio as a previous cable failed on me.  the balanced lead works well and the cable is very quiet.  construction features too well soldered trs 1/4&#34; male connections and the only downside i can complain about is the lack of strain relief...but nothing major and the cables work fine none the less. 5its ok for a bedroom amp its has a weird buzz that goes away when you touch any thing metal on the guitar even if the vol is all the way down and no its not the guitar i have plug it into other amps and no buzzing and it really dont like florescent lights im thinking about sending it back 3i've been playing the uke since before they became popular again and must confess i own a quiver full of the addictive things (ranging from plywood beaters to a solid wood art object with an electric in between). over the years, i've tried several different brands of string. the truth is there was nothing wrong with any of them. it's just that the martin m600 strings seem a little bit more compliant than the others and this allows me to tease out a bit more articulation and tone. given that string changing is a frequent occurrence with multiple instruments to fuel, the martin string set's relatively low cost is a nice bonus. 5nothing that spectacular really! it did it's job. was easy for my husband to use. made me able to use a strap on my guitar. 5watch the review in one of the prior posts for fitting it properly to the yeti microphone.  works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  larger than i expected. 5the main reason i bought this tuner and not similar offerings from boss or tc electronics, is because i had read prior to making the purchase that this is the most accurate at low tunings, and me being a bass player and sometimes playing drop a that is a must. i have to say that after owning it for a while i must agree. i've used other tuners when i happened to not bring this one along and  thats been my experience. also its easy to read which note you're on when you're on a dimly lit stage. 5i like replacing the pickguard and other plastic parts to give my guitars a different look.  it takes under $40 (accessory kit + pickguard) to give your guitar a make over.money well spent. 5really helpful both in live gigs and at home.great quality and i am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand 5this tool definitely comes in handy for anyone who works on a guitar. it gets the job done easily and very fast. 5although i purchased a lanikai lu-21 ukulele some time ago, i have not had the chance to play it for hundreds of hours.  despite that, i've been highly impressed with its quality and sound.  as some reviewers note, nylon strings have a tendency to go out of tune pretty quickly and to fret sharp; however, that's more of a function of the strings than a function of the ukulele.  the lanikai frets well all the way up the fretboard, although as seems to be the case with soprano ukuleles in general, it tends to sound better and more resonant in its lowest range.  the tuners seem solid and all four function consistently and the construction looks to be pretty solid as well.  if i were going to be playing gigs, i'd probably look for a more expensive and presumably higher quality instrument (and i probably would not purchase it without trying it first), but for having some fun, this is a workable and recommended instrument. 4this installed easily. a nice feature is ability to unclip the shoulder pad from the mounts on the instrument.  when the pad is installed the strap is very comfortable and eased any shoulder pain i might have had with earlier straps.  a keeper for sure. 5i bought this amp to use for practicing the electric guitar. there is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). people will make ridiculous claims if you choose not to purchase a $400 tube amp to practice through. (&#34;you're not getting the right tone, man....&#34; the problem with that is, there are several companies out there marshall, fender, vox, orange, etc....and they all have a variety of tube amps to choose from and they all begin in price around this one. so, i figured, before i committed to a company, maybe i could just use this fender to emulate some of those sounds i want.that worked out beautifully. though i am very much a beginner, i have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. i thought i needed pedals to have some of these effects, instead i can just change the channel to a preset and there is all the flanger/reverb/modulation i need. i have got to the point where i understand about how just adjusting my volume/switching pickups and using the built in guitar knobs can alter my tone enough to stand out when i want to.i would not have been able to do that without this amp. this amp helped me develop as a beginner so i wouldn't waste money buying other things, beginners think they should get. excellent amp and i recommend getting this over the mustang ii. save the difference for your real amp that will come when you actually know a little more. 5this is great product if you are chaining several pedals together. using just one wall wart you can power all of them, at least those that receive this kind of power 9v. where it went above and beyond duty was providing a l6 converter 'cl6' for line 6 products. i have an m-audio black box which had a peculiar size plug. it was 9v 1000ma but nothing would fit. then i tried the l6 converter and bingo i'm in business and black box bliss. i would recommend having it around just for that. it costs about the same as 1 odf any other kind of converter and gives you connecters for several different kinds of pedals which might just save your night when you can't find that particular adapter in the rats nest of other adapters. a pedal junkies salvation. 5did a ton of research out there b4 i bought this. i can't believe that so many manufacturers are asking for hundreds for freaking sheets of bent metal! what a racket it is. if i could make one i would. this one was cheap and does the job. dunzos. 5works well when jumping or combining your system with xlr's  for noise  and clear sound. ease in connecting and reconnecting system 4i have a fender hod rod deluxe, and though it's got the formel electronics mod... still needed a nice touch.this guy filled the need! using the effects loop, no need of volume or gain, the sound is way much richer and definition for different types of guitars is beautiful. 5i have been disappointed with the last eq pedal i owned witch was a boss ge7, it was very honkey and colored my tone to much, this pedal is much more musical the layout of the essential frequency's is great, plus they are lighted and very ez to see. and of course it is an mxr so it is built like a tank and will last for ever 5* shipping.  the epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a huge box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  that huge box is then inside yet another huge box.  honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact tony stark.  it would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  excellent job.  5 stars on that alone.* size. overall length 24".  fretboard 10".  nut to bridge 15".  so good overall medium-size.  i like that it's a bit larger than a 20-21" soprano uke.  it is "concert" size (which i greatly prefer over soprano.  frankly, i'd like to see a baritone version).  the 24" length is an excellent size for both adult and youth / child fingers.* quality.  from stern to port, this instrument shines.  beautifully lacquered flawless finish, protective edging, plastic finger-guard (which itself was guarded in adhesive plastic), solid neck screw-joined to heavy-wood body.  the whole unit is heavy-wood and very durable.  nevertheless the sound is quite good.  the tuners are acceptable quality (nothing amazing, but they work well).  the frets are actual metal and not molded into the fingerboard like cheap ukes.  the amp-jack is chrome-metal back-plated to the body; it's not coming loose.  strap holders are already mounted, saving users the hassle.  and of course, the impressive epiphone and les paul signature stamps on the head for sheer class.* sound.  i found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (i expected it to sound dull.  it doesn't.)  but i still bought a set of d'addario strings (a brand i've loved for years) and according to other reviews here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.* action. i've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. the action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  one will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  i'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players i know), so this will be tweaked.* durability.  it's very durable.  that counts for the gig bag too.  no cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  as others mentioned i'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  a good instrument is worth protecting.  but i'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that i'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  that would be goofy.* weird suggestion:  hang on to the box it comes in.  it makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. it's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  protects well.  : )* electronics.  the sound is clear. sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  they could have done better on that end.  but wow, at this price how can one gripe?two solutions to this:1) open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  that's the tricky way.2) put a preamp on this. you can buy one here on amazon for about 15 bucks. if you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.aside from the passive electronics... this is a prime instrument.  it is a mid-size uke so you can choose to string it either as a soprano (if you're careful and don't tune it too quickly) or a baritone (guitar 4th - 1st string, e-high), depending on the strings you choose.considering what you get for the price... i don't think this can be beat.  unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this very difficult to play... something i didn't consider when ordering a uke.  but that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  the product itself is excellent. 5keeping in mind the difference types of guitars and pickups, these d'addario strings are good strings for all around use. they are suitable for rock, punk, country, and funk. sure, you could spend more on "boutique" specialty strings to give you that exact "vintage" sound, but these strings are just fine whether you play in the bedroom, garage or club.i like the light guage .010's because they are easy on the fingers, but are still beefy sounding compared to thin sounding .009's and .008's. 4arrived on time..packaged well. happy with purchase...they are your regular picks..will order again if needed. happy with purchase. hope you enjoy em... 4i have this tuner attached to my pedal board and it is fantastic. there are tons of settings and the leds are nice and bright for dark stages or bright outdoor venues.highly recommended 5fender original parts can't be beat. the philips head is an improvement over the &#34;vintage&#34; straight slot screw that a screwdriver can slip out of and scratch the finish. these look like the have a nickel plating and i believe are 8-18, or 6-18 size screw and are much cheaper at a hardware store, but i chose fender original parts for the tele i recently finished and for the one i am currently working on. 5i am not a sound guy - i just wanted something to plug in and record my practice sessions. this is vastly better than any webcam or communications microphone for recording instruments.the four direction settings are fun, though i find myself using the stereo or cardioid settings the most. the no-delay headphone jack is great. i was impressed the first time i plugged everything in and tried it out - it's nice to hear how my playing sounds from an outside standpoint.setup was easy, and quick. i have experienced a few times when plugging it in registered it as a recording device, but failed to actually use it. this may be a windows problem, and fixed itself eventually.i am quite happy with the build quality. the base is hefty and wide, planting the mic firmly. the body and buttons are plastic, but solid, they don't feel or look cheap. 5not much better than the dollar version of the peg winder.  thought it would be more ergonomic and having the stringer cutter in one tool would be a plus.... but, not quiet up to par.  you'll be better off with the dollar string winder and a cheap pair of snips. 2saw this sucker on my bass player's head, and got one a few days later. not pitch perfect on the fly, but keeps you very close when on the run. unbeatable value. silent tuning, so on stage it's almost a must. 5these pick have a permanent, fine coat of rough finish over the translucent material. it wears off and smoothens out around the tip on usage but that does not affect the tone. in fact, i found it increases speed. these are perfect for a fast-paced style of picking. the tone is bright and snappy!good quality material ensures i won't be needing another set for a long time! 5another easy modification for my indonesian telecaster squier. better looks and function. tuning is easier and holds longer than with stock sheet metal guides. 5i use this to mount my stagg small musical stand to hold a small format mixer for gigs. it's light weight and sturdy. 4i have these on 5 of my guitars now, with my acoustic and a &#34;novelty&#34; guitar being the exceptions. i can't stand the thought of not using these after seeing too many expensive guitars hit the floor after the straps let loose. other styles have a button, which seems more convenient, but the schaller locks are pull style which is far more secure if something bumps the end of the lock. these are the only locks i'll use now. 5i purchased the plastic and it worked fine but the notes were not as distinguished as the tusq. i did have to sand to make it fit. that may sound badm but i am glad because it's better than too small. i did not purchase this from amazon but sweetwater in case you were wondering. 5these strings are noticeably warmer compared to the brighter bronze nanoweb. still a great guitar string. a real winner for elixir who are the originators of &#34;goretex&#34; a real triumph of re-invention. well done goretex! 5works very well.  i have to of them.  each does a little different thing,  they are great for traveling, or late night need to play stuff, when the rest of the family has no interest in your desire to get better.  the sound, effects, etc., are adequate and are good as you need without the real amplication. 4i really like this strap.  i ended up ordering a total of three with different color schemes so i can have one on each guitar.  they're really comfortable.  they're much less bulky than most of the leather straps i've seen, so i can just keep them on the guitar in the case.i've had the original blue one i bought for about 3 years and it still looks and functions like new. 5depending on the amp and guitar you have, this pedal is going to either really be great or be a bummer. it sounds terrific with my fender strat (single coil) danelectro (lipstick pickups) on my solid state amps, giving them a warm tube like overdrive.it sounds terrible on my tube amp and my vintage silvertone amp, it really sounds aweful with my 1980's kramer, loaded with humbucker pickups.you'll either love it or hate it! that will decide mostly on the type of guitar and amp you use, it's a different pedal with every combination. 4if you're worried that the 3.0 mm is too big for your guitar, you're probably right.if you don't use a pick for your bass, then you don't want this either.but if you want to pick your bass, this is the plectrum for you! 5it has what you want in a cable, and not what you don't.  not insanely priced from having pixie gold dust sprinkled over it, but quiet and supple and uses good quality plugs on both ends.  so there it is; nothing magical, just a guitar cable. 5my son uses this winder and cutter frequently to change his strings on his acoustic and electric guitar. it hasn't failed him yet. it's easy to use and cuts the strings precisely and cleanly. he says it's a must have if you maintain and change your own guitar strings. highly recommend. 5here's what you'll need to know about this product if you're interested in getting one.....1.  the 'head' accommodates multiple tuning peg sizes due to the slot config.  that's a good thing.2.  the trigger is a rocker switch..... so you can wind and unwind,....quickly.  that's a good thing, for the most part.3.  it is not variable speed.  one speed.  fast rpm!  it takes some practice and patience.  nothing special, just the will to get used to it.  initially, and until you get used to it, you'll have the head jumping off the peg.  don't 'fret' (bad pun)... a few minutes of rehearsal with it and you'll get to like it.  i've opted to pull the trigger in short bursts so as to refrain from having a string change remind you of a nascar tire change in the pit.... and especially because when you get close to the desired tension you need to go slowly so as not to over-run it.i would have much preferred a device that has a two-position switch.... 'slow' and 'fast' position on the trigger for more control.  i've rated it 4-stars, not 5, not because there is anything 'wrong' with it or that it doesn't work.  it does all that the advertisements say it will.  it's the aspect of the device i had to find out the hard way that keeps me from giving it a 'perfect' score.all in all, be patient and all will be well.  realistically, i don't need to change a set of strings in just a couple of minutes.... i've got hours if i chose to.  i suspect most folks are in the same position.  if you're a 'roadie' for a big group, i could see the need,...the need for speed. but, alas, i'm not.  so, like some of the other things i've purchased along the way, i now have a new toy.  i works.  i'm satisfied...... for now.dp 4i had looked around for strap locks for my dean dime razorback, and was not happy to see that most locking mechanisms were designed with a button on top to release them.  my guitar straps attach on the rear and underside of the guitar which would be easy to accidentally press when the guitar hits my waist causing unknown horrible damage.then i saw these and knew they were perfect for my situation.  i installed them last night and could not be happier.  they are very solid and the lock is 'positive' so you can feel the click when it is set.  i am sure they will work well if your guitar straps mount in the traditional spots as well.  this is a great product at a good price.note:  if you are installing on a dean razorback or ml, the stock front strap mount screw goes through the plate, body into the neck....do not use this to mount, or pull the old strap mount off and return the screw...it is too long and will likely split your neck.  just drill a hole right next to it and install the locking mount right next to it (it can touch it even and still function properly).  enjoy!  i really am happy that my guitar is much more secure now and don't worry that i will hurt my favorite guitar. 5these knobs arrived in perfect condition, the correct color and fit my stratocaster remake well. you can't necessarily go wrong with knobs. i like the black look to my guitar now. 5i've had an old beginner ukulele sitting in a closet for years.  i have much nicer ones now and decided that rather than lend them out for playing i'd fix up this beginner uke as a loaner.  i took off the strings and realized how dull and dry looking the fret board had become.  i used this product and it really soaked it up fast.  now it looks beautiful again.  very satisfied with how it worked. 5this my second hosa guitar cable.  (the other one is shorter.)  like my first hosa cable, this is a high quality item.  i'd definitely buy more cables of this brand. 4i was using my iphone and line 6 input but having to plug in can be a drag when you're no where near your gear. but hands down this is the most accurate, easy to use, and most portable tuner ever. i use it for all mu guitars, bass, mandolin, banjo, etc. i bought two more, you will love this tuner. 5yep. it holds the strap on the neck of my guitar. i have a washburn rover, a backpacker style, and so a stap is a necessity, and this works just great. 5i love my snark sn5 tuner.  it works smoothly without any issues, and allows me to tune my guitar swiftly and accurately.  all you need to do is clamp the tuner to the headstock, and it is ready to go.  the sn5 is smaller than i expected, but the multicolored meter is easily readable, and the meter can adjusted so that it can be seen clearly from any position.using the color coded meter, you can tell whether a string is flat or sharp, and adjust the string tension accordingly.  with a little practice, tuning becomes a quick and easy process.  the unit is powered by a cr 2032 battery, which generally has a long life.although the clamp has rubber pads, apparently the finishes of certain guitars could still be prone to damage.  the instructions states that the snark is not recommended for guitars with the following finishes, polyurethane, french polish, and nitrocellulose lacquer.  those with gibson, gretch, or taylor guitars may want pay particular attention to this warning.  i have had no problems using this tuner on kramer, ibanez, charvel, epiphone, and esp guitars.  the tuner also works for bass guitars and violins.  i do not have either of those instruments, but i imagine the tuner would work much the same.as there are a number of guitar tuners that attach to the headstock, it took me a little while to decide on the sn5.  even after eliminating tuners by d'addario and planet waves, selecting the sn5 wasn't that simple, as snark makes a number of similar tuners.  i am completely satisfied with the sn5, and believe that it fully deserves a 5 star rating.  it is also the least expensive, of the tuners i was considering buying.  if the finish of your guitar isn't an issue, you may find the snark to be very helpful. 5quite resistant and reliablegreat quality and i am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. thank you very much 5purchased these to replace some failing power tubes in my vox nt15h, and all i can say is that they are great.  after a little break in these brought some new life back into my amp. greatly improved the tone over the stock sovteks that where in there originally. great product for a great price. 5now, this is one great piece of kit. two chanels, 60 watts rms (real power), and super control over the sound of each channel. only complaint? it's buh-tugly! sickly brown... cheesy looking. if she was my prom date, i'd put a sack over her head (yeah, well, not that i'm another george clooney or anything). 5i almost always use ernie ball strings on my electric guitars. i've been using them for 30 years and never have been let down by the quality and sound. 4i accidently ordered two of these, which proved fortunate because one did not have a battery when it arrived at my apo in afganistan, where watch batteries are hard to come by. that being said, this is the most user friendly little tuner i have ever owned. i don't have a particularly good ear, but i can tell when i am out of tune, and i have struggled with other tuners in the past trying to get just the right tune. i bought this for a brand new backpack guitar, and i had the guitar tuned up in less than 5 minutes after i clamped this tuner on the neck. these are cheap enough to buy one for every guitar and keep it in the case. 4i have been using these strings for 7 years.  at first i used the elixir polywebs, but those things broke all the time.  i switched to these and haven't broke a string since.  if you play a gibson or martin i would buy a heavier string, but these match well with my 414ce taylor.  because of the price i don't use these on my cheap fender acoustic, for that i suggest earthwoods.  i even use the electric version of these strings on my american srat, very pleased there as well. 5love these. they're sturdy . which is very important and was my biggest concern since my guitars are pretty heavy. they look so cool on the wall and everyone compliments and noticed my guitars now. love this so much. highly recommended 5i use this item for my daughter 1/2 size guitar, its looks light in weight and firm, and can be adjusted for different sizes of guitars. 5i've used electronic tuners for a long time.  most of them that i've owned you have to plug into your instrument.  that means they don't tune with a microphone but only with an electronic signal directly from the instrument.  i bought a korg ga-30 that was about the size of a credit card with a built in microphone to tune acoustic instruments about 8 or 10 years ago.  i used that korg until getting the snark.  the korg was durable and fairly accurate but the lcd display wasn't lit making it tough to read in low light and the needle seemed to jump around sometimes for no good reason.  still for the money the korg was a good deal on a tuner with a microphone in it's day.enter the snark sn-2.  this snark will tune about anything.  it will tune either by vibration clipped onto the headstock of a stringed instrument or don't clip it to the instrument and use the built in microphone.  clip it to a music stand, clip it to anything and it still works when you use the built in microphone for a guitar, upright bass, violin, saxophone, trumpet or even a tympani.  use the vibration setting for tuning an acoustic or electric guitar or ukulele or mandolin or banjo without interference from other sound sources.  it tunes about anything no matter the notes or key you want to tune your instrument to.  it senses the entire scale.the snark sn-2 has a well lit, clean and bright display that is easy to read in bright light or total darkness.  the display pivots to any angle.  it is very light so it adds very little weight to the headstock.  the battery seems to last a fairly long time, longer than the 9-volt battery in my tuner pedal that burns through pricey 9 volt duracells at the rate of about 1 per month.long term durability seems to be a question to me due the small pivot on all the snark clip-on tuners.  i've only been using mine for about 2 months now and while the pivot part seems sort of fragile i've had no issues at all yet and it still works good.  i don't think you should drop it very often.  so far i've dropped mine once with no damage.  even if it did break, 10 snarks are cheaper than the rack tuner i have and the snark is just as accurate.while long term durability is undecided i can't complain at all about the versatility, accuracy, high visibility display or the low cost.  i really like mine and use it everyday on an electric bass or a ukulele or a guitar.  it really gets around and tunes them all.  the color is sort of a metallic red, almost candy apple red.  i ordered spare batteries but haven't needed to change one yet.i'd buy it again and suggest one as a gift for any musician that doesn't have one.  i'm sure they'll use it often.  this tuner is a real good buy at a good price.  spare cr2032 lithium batteries are less expensive on amazon, so i suggest ordering several with your tuner so you'll be prepared.i've never used the metronome feature other than to check it out.  it flashed a locked tempo but i really don't need that feature. 5i purchased the dr-40 for use in field recordings for found sounds and other sampling needs, and it accomplishes that very well.  the battery life is great, the user interface can be a little confusing at first but is very fluid once you get used to it, and the build quality is pretty solid.  my only issue is the internal mics, while crystal clear in terms of quality, can sometimes be lacking on the gain side of things.  in addition, they are very susceptible to wind, even if you just move the recorder while it is recording you will hear a rush of air.  i highly suggest picking up a wind screen at the same time and save yourself the trouble of having to make another delivery. 4there is a problem with the design.  when you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off.  the tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes. 1great strings, deep rich tones from both highs and lows, a very good value for the dollar and customer service is second to none 4let the testimony of my repeated purchases be your guide. the batterry that come with it lasts an average of 6 -9 months - a new battery will last over a year - i get replacements at local cvs - savon store 5i had read many reviews on sm57 clone microphones to see if there was anything that did the job. it seems everyone who has given an opinion on this subject all seemed to agree on one microphone. the gls es57. (same with the sm 58/es58). i had to give it a shot. i run the sound for local bands and i use sm's because they can take abuse and still sound great. only time will tell if this mic will be able to take the same amount of abuse but so far i really like it. the frequency band is not identical to the sm57 as some others have said. a little less bass but that doesn't mean it is a thin sound - it certainly is not. i can get it to sound the same as the sm if i eq it slightly but i like the natural sound anyway. also, the signal is a bit hotter but i really like the tone for both vocals and for instruments. value for money it can't be beat. if you are on a budget, get one.... 5at this price, these cables are a bargain.  the jury is still out on how durable they are, but they all arrived in working order and have held up well despite several months of plugging and unplugging.  the length is great for when you have a bunch of pedals with inputs that vary from top to side.  i hate it when the patch isn't long enough and i have to mis-allign my pedals !  anyway, thumbs up.  will revisit my review if they begin to fail soon- 5this particular brand i've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that i got worked fine for about a couple days. it went out and i sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that i might have gotten a bad one.and i requested in a letter when i sent it in that they send another one in exchange, that didn't work out so well, with that being the only way i could rate it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, i'd have to rate this one at the bottom... 2the elixir brand acoustic guitar strings keep their brand-new 'sound' a lot longer than any other brand.  i am very happy with the elixir brand strings. 5these strings are performance value and always give me a great sound.  i have been using elixir's for 5 years now and they last longer (even in this salty air environment by the beach) and sound better than anything else i have ever used. 5i have written other reviews about elixir. high quality strings. great for acoustic and electric. no complaints on these strings. 5it's very thin, all parts about it are kinda thin and cheap, but it works exactly as it should. not bad if you just need to round out an order to get free shipping. not for your favorite guitar though, more of a beginner's or a throw-away, 'gig' strap. 3i bought this strap because i wanted to draw on it with sharpie and then cover it with a clear coat to preserve the sharpie. this is a good sized strap with a  nice drawing surface. my plan worked, and this is a good quality strap to do it on. and such a good price. 5the best buy for your bass drum 5i personally own two of these snarks and i've seen several others among my friends.  they're great, easy-to-read and easy-to-use tuners that are surprisingly cheap.however, half of the snarks i've come into contact with have broken within a few weeks.  one of mine broke after about 2 weeks of very light usage.  the screen is super faint.  it's still tuning and displaying but without any back lighting.  this also happened to two of my friend's snarks.my other snark is still going strong.  i'd still recommend them for non-critical applications just for the price and ease of use.  however, these definitely aren't reliable gig-worthy tuners.  they're just so cheap it's easy to buy multiple snarks and cover all of your guitars. 3the material used is fine.  the looks are fine.  the length is horrible.  this is too short for most adults that play guitar.  it felt like i was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  i attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what i could use.  to me this was a worthless purchase.  i just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again. 1this tunners turned my normal cheap squier, into a perfect squier. my guitar now stays in tune better than my prs and epiphone. 5this pedal was purchased to replace an oem pedal for my synthesizer, it works as expected and has proven to be durable.  i don't hesitate to drop it in my gig bag, knowing it will be ready to rock and roll at the next show. 5i have been in need of a tuner for far too long.  i was turned on to this and i was truly blown away.  the tuner is very accurate and compact.  i leave it on my guitar all the time.  the clamp is strong enough that it will stay put. 5my review is on par with all the others concerning the quality of the cable compared to cheaper ones. i bought this locally and have been happy using it with a few bass guitars. the cable is solid and definately seems to hold up after a few weeks of heavy usage.one complaint i have is that the right angle does not lock into the jack on my spector bass securely, but works with the others flawlessly. i use it with a jazz bass all the time and there are no issues.i also use spectraflex fatso flex cables and mogami and think that this one is worth it's price. to me, the warranty is worth it because of the price. i reead all over the web about the opinions of monster's patents and marketing techniques written by musicians and can see their points about the price and build quality, but there are more expensive cables out there made by mogami and countless others which are not any better than this one in my opinion. 5don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. i think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and i had to throw in new batteries. but if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip. 3i got this several years ago, and i was pleasantly surprised by it, really was nice with my acoustic to raise some volume on my soundhole pickup before the direct box. i gave it to some one after i used it for a couple of years. 4i bought this for my granddaughter to use at home for her flute practice.  very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old.  should last her a very long time. 5bought two sets. both arrived together and at the expected delivery date. i had bought two sets of the pyle pro pmdk102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4" cabling from an amazon dealer which arrived without problems. initially, i noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. personally, i think its easier to setup the pyle pro pstk103. later comparison showed that the pstk103 is also substantially taller in both the length of the tripod legs and the retracted center speaker pole.however, the way it was packaged severely diminished my opinion on how much the manufacturer really cared about its own products. the paint finish was chipped on several areas of the legs. there were dimples and nicks in several areas of the leg tubing. why i blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple ... the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. really, how hard would it have been to just separate the two units within the travel bag with some corrugated cardboard or a strip of expanded foam?!!!on the plus side ... after testing each of the tripod stands ... all seemed to function perfectly well. the units were light yet seemed solid and stable once set up. the price seemed right thought and if the manner of packaging were improved ... i would definitely say that thus far it seems like a great buy. only time and after some use hereafter will i be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain. 3sold, great quality xlr mic. it's pretty hard to mess these up. people often build their own, but when they're this cheap, why go through the trouble? 5great useful product well made quite, and lots of use to view of my floor effects , works great ,, and no other noise from it , buy it . 5this is what i'm talking about: cheap but very usual form behringer. very handy too. but i hope then would run on batteries next time. 4nice strap but a bit too stiff ... might loosen up in time but certainly worth buying.  well built and good adjustability. 4it was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china.  any thing i have bought that was shipped directly from china has been much lower quality than anything retailers are even willing to sell.  if you can wait a month for delivery or longer, if you dont mind your guitar falling off the wall when the chinese quality lives up to its reputation then order up.  if you have over a $500 guitar be wise and buy an expensive one unfortunately they will most likely be made in china too. i have decided to build my own 1if you're not familiar with ehx's signature distortion/fuzz pedal the big muff, please go to a guitar shop somewhere and try one out.  describing its sound with words helps, but doesn't really do it justice.  it definitely owns its own sonic territory and after playing through one for a while you'll see why so many guitarists of so many fields have one on hand.they're one of my very favorite effects, honestly.  so for this review, i'm going to focus more on how the little big muff stacks up against the other models.for starters, this version takes care of all of the common complaints regarding the nyc reissue.1.  its true bypass.2.  its much smaller (not super tiny like a boss, but a little slimmer than, say, the wider mxr pedals like the phase 100).3.  it uses a normal 9v adapter jack (thank you, finally!).4.  it sounds better.yes, it indeed sounds better than the ny reissue.  some have complained about the buzzy sound the recent reissue has.  this one is smoother.  not as creamy as the russians, but it also doesn't suck tone like that one does either.  its a touch higher gain than both the russians and the tone wicker versions, but all in all it absolutely is a big muff.so if you're in the market for one of these, and you don't want the options the tone wicker muff provides, this is absolutely where its at.  its better in every way than the ny reissue.also, it costs less money! yay! 5i have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but i have also wanted to learn the ukulele for quite some time. as i had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, i looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether i would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.upon receiving this item, i tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords i learned. the uke sounded acceptable, but i was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. also at first (as i expected), the ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. i have now ordered some aquila strings from amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. i bought theaquila aq-s nylgut soprano ukulele strings. i am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when i eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which i expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) to be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't *too* bad so i may wait a while to install the aquilla strings until i can play more competently and get the benefit of them!as far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, i was pleasantly surprised and impressed. the paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. the unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.for the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. i'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. i really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great. 5this was something i had to pick up, simply due to the price.  i own a shure sm57 and compared to this, the sound is very close, not dead on, but i'd consider this over other mics for someone on a budget.the  top does not spin like the shure and the weight is much lighter due to the material used to cut cost i'm sure, but none the less, it makes no difference sound wise.overall, a great buy! 4very close to the sound of an sm-58. not quite as &#34;warm&#34; as the shure, but this mic has the best sound for the price. i'm very impressed. 4nice to see something well made for a change.  most guitar straps i see that are less than $80.00 are all cheap and that fake stuff. 5this is a great little addition to both my violin, and my mandolin.  while some reviews on here have mentioned using it on a ukulele . . . no.  it doesn't work that way, unless the sound hole is not directly over the strings.  if it is, the pickup will mute the a string, and it's annoying.anyway i digress.  the pickup adds a bright, clear sound to your instrument, without feedback or hassle. 5these are condenser mics so you will need phantom power to make them work. i'm using them in our drum room, one is on hi-hat and one is on a small cymbal. they have a smooth un-hyped sound.the mics also come with a nice little plastic mounting bar so you can mount them in a stereo pair right out of the box. i have used them in an x-y overhead position and they sounded quite good and very natural.some of the other microphones in my kit cost upwards of $1200 each so i am aware of what &#34;expensive&#34; microphones sound like, these perform &#34;up there&#34; with the expensive mice while being bargain priced.good music to all. 5i use this in a small studio so we can use multiple headphones from only one stereo line out.  individual volumes controls make it perfect. 5this levy's jacquard strap is well made and comfortable. it was much cheaper here than any other place on-line or at a brick and mortar. arrived quite quickly, but a tracking number would've been nice. otherwise, no compaints. 5awesome cheap repalcement string i would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to spend 50 bucks on high quality strings 5i've been recording professionally for 27 years; music, radio commercials and television mostly. so i'll try to give you the information you need to make your purchase.i've owned and used so many mics and brands through the years i can't remember them all but i can i say i've never had a bad a-t. 4033's, 4050's and 4080's i use every week and have for years, the 4033 going back to the mid 90's and the 2020 is just a lower priced electret condenser from the a-t family. you have no idea the % of recordings that you're hearing this brand on, it's used by almost every studio on every continent, i work in the us, italy to scotland and can attest to this. but first let me tell you, very simply, where the negative reviewers went wrong.this is a xlr connection phantom powered mic, which is pro and best. so it requires a phantom powered xlr input, which all pro equipment provides and is standard on most home recording audio interfaces. which you should really purchase along with this, if you haven't already, because for around $100 you'll improve your recording and playback and have a preamp and monitoring, you'll find one by searching audio interfaces. i have a rolandroland tri capture audio interfaceand a focusrite i use just for playback in my office and den but they work well and you don't need avid hd's to get started. audio interface is just another name for an external sound card but will provide the proper input and gain meter. getting your interface away from the electronically noisy computer has been sop since the dawn of digital. i see that small usb mixers are available which would be another option. don't try an adapter on it, it won't work, as this needs power through the cord to charge the field effect transistor, but power supplies are available and after that adapt however you want. it doesn't come with the cord, what a surprise! quality cords will cost about half the price of this, but a $15 version will probably do for most.it doesn't come with ashock mountbut you can purchase one if you like. work with it, you may not need one and the recorded vibrations rumbling will tell you that you do. you'll need a windscreen and a popper stopper typeshure popper stopper pop filteris the usual, but i can also recommend using 2 large $1.49 foam screens with the top cut from one as this mic is side address and you will need to cover the entire screen. this isn't about being cheap, there are times that the goosenecks are very inconvenient and don't work at strange angles and you'll probably always need one or the other.this does not come with a stand, so pick up a boom stand if you don't have one and pay no attention that the negative reviewers will tell you they tip over, 18 wheelers also tip over.recommendeduse a sandbag or whatever on the leg opposite the mic or remove the boom and top portion and slide on a barbell weight and put it back together or create a proper counterweight where they've put a faux plastic one. if it's possible, you could mount a boom from the ceiling and run the cable on hooks, eliminating vibration from the floor while keeping the cable out the waymicrophone flange male. for desktop users, here's what i'd do. using large command strips and velcro i'd fasten this to the deskadjustable desk microphone standand attach thistelescoping mini-boomhere's another optionmxl mics mxl-bcd-standunderstand that recording has progressed by meeting needs and experimenting, if you need something figure it out, your clean, quiet recording is proof that it works.i can't justify comparing this to my $500 to $4000 mics like it but if there is a better value buy it. $82 wouldn't have bought a case for most of my condensers. it sure beats most non electret, electrostatic dc bias or dynamic style mics. the 2020 is certainly an entry level professional mic and in many situations could be substituted for a 4033 without issue. also individual mics have a sound, of the eight 4033's i have, i prefer 3 of them and use them the most. so when reviewers say it's bright, i say compared to what? i can tell you what it sounds like.....ka-ching! a great sound in audio recording. uh huh, i know of one professional recording it's on and the client was clueless that i used an $82 mic. think about it, would this be as good as what was used 40 years ago? have you heard good 70's recordings? anyone purchasing equipment because it "sounds" better ought to have earned enough to slap down cash to pay for it. lot's of reviewers have opinions about this mic so don't ignore them but ask yourself this, do they have formal training and experience with 200 different mics in many studios and are they using expensive gear from their console to their monitors to reveal its true capabilities? any noticeable increase in sound quality might cost $400 and won't be half of what you'll achieve by improving your recording technique.this type of mic is excellent for overhead, acoustics, amps or brass and of course vocals, really most recording needs, having a less uni and more omni, cardioid directional pattern than stage mics hyper pattern it's better suited to recording. just understand you can't get too loud near it or you'll overdrive it since it's designed for up to screaming vocals, so back off with loud amps and brass, which also means you need a quiet place for recording because it'll pick up your ac ducts and your neighbor's tv. that, is a good thing, what's bad is you trying to do good recording in a noisy environment, so don't blame a mic for your extraneous room noise. you can't just use a different microphone or noise gates or processors of any kind, just quiet, anything else is a pail on a sinking ship because this is an acoustical, rather than electronic, signal to noise ratio. a 10db pad will reduce output but doesn't affect the diaphragm and its input and acoustical foam won't help, that's not even its purpose, i suggest reading this on acoustics and foam, music.tutsplus dot com/tutorials/beginners-guide-to-acoustic-treatment--audio-1274 (just replace the [dot]). turn off your heat/air, be careful of headphone bleed and do your recording between 3 and 5 am, when the world's a quieter place and that will really help, you'll likely hear how loud your computer fans are. you can get underground in your basement or build blanket walls, or buy used office partitions but you need quiet, i've known acoustic players who've worn gas masks to cut the sound of their breathing. if this is what your budget allows for it's an excellent first step into recording and this type of mic and likely this brand would be my first choice for a first recording mic no matter the cost. i keep saying "this type of mic" and the reason why is because a-t sells 14 models like this style up to $3000. this model is the lowest priced but you're buying a reputable brand. if your future plans include using only one mic, without the ability to use any traditional recording hardware, you can look here.audio-technica at2020 usb condenser usb microphoneor hereaudio technica at2020usb+ cardioid condenser microphone w/pop filterthis is not my advice, you will also lose the higher quality playback and the supplied recording software that comes with an interface. this model is not usb.now pay no attention to the descriptions of how it sounds, i won't tell you because how it sounds to me on my system won't apply to you and your system and that goes for all audio, descriptions are worthless, only unplugging one piece of gear for another matters. this is important, all audio equipment either accurately reproduces or doesn't, the recording cannot sound better than the source, so a microphone can only reproduce sound more or less accurate than a different microphone. accurate or inaccurate, not good or bad, there's a difference. it's during the mix that you make it better or different from the original sound. apply these same thoughts to your home stereo, saying instead, playback cannot sound better than the recording and that's why accuracy is important in your monitors.so search out any info you don't understand and don't expect to be a competent engineer without years of schooling, training and having worked in a professional setting. if you're lucky like i was, after 1 year of tech school i worked on site repair (studios often need pt) and apprenticed while continuing my education for the next 3, then after 3 years of work (tv) with another year of school i became a studio owner. real recording involves a facility, equipment and techniques as involved as a surgeon in a hospital. so study electronics, acoustics, the auditory cortex, everything audio, train yourself to hear the smallest sounds all day, it never stops. when making any purchases i recommend reading and research and realize this is a tool and because you can buy a tool doesn't mean you're educated in its use. so yes, i also don't recommend buying a scalpel and trying surgery on your little brother, unless.....but everyone of us started somewhere so get some equipment and start recording, quit all that sleeping, eating and other unnecessary activities and just read and record! just short sessions at a real studio will also open your eyes and be educational and some will allow you to just stop in and talk, i have. so keep up the research because no man knows it all and i'm just here to help you out. if you need a good, small, inexpensive stereo amp check this one out. topping tp22 digital mini amplifier 5the dunlop guitar fingerboard kit arrived very quickly and was put to the test immediately.  i am pleased with the product.  it makes my guitar look new again.  i will definitly look into their other products.  thanks to amazon for the quick service. 4this is an amazing guitar. i couldn't put it down, i have experience playing really, really expensive guitars. my $500 "beater" acoustic i was just going to take to the beach and stuff actually got warped and never played well at all, i couldn't imagine what i would b getting for $90. by was i wrong. it's my best acoustic currently! this thing sounds like, sustains, and holds its' own tune like a similar $2000.00+ martin model and that's zero exaggeration! get it and see, you will be blown away. i bought a second one. i just wish i had found this guitar sooner. 5one of the best & accurate tuners that i have ever used. i have been playing guitar for 45 years & at this size & accuracy, you cannot beat this handy tuner. fits in most guitar cases & is lightweight. a good tool to have for a guitar players bag of tricks. 5that guitar sounds magically beautiful for guitar of that level and cost. it is a great pleasure to jam on it around. sound is like it's real big brother. very very familiar.i suppose, it is the best choise for your kid! all hardware is ok. just give some days to tuners to get used to... 5